About the job
Poszukujemy pracownika na stanowisko:
Python Senior Developer
Wymagania:
Dobra znajomość Python minimum 5lat, ale mile widziane wiecej
Doświadczenie w tworzeniu oprogramowania do automatyzacji procesów w przeglądarce firefox oraz chrome
Znajomosć integracji API z różnych serwisów zewnętrznych
Doskonała znajomość Selenium
Dyspozycyjność
Znajomość języka angielskiego
Oferujemy badzo dobre warunki oraz elastyczne godziny pracy, umowa raczej b2b.

Obowiązki
Tworzenie botów to automatyzacji procesów w przeglądarce.

Kwalifikacje
Co najmniej 5 lat doświadczenia w Python, znajomość języka angielskiego.
About the job
Pico (www.pico.net) fuels the global capital markets community by providing exceptional market data services and customized managed infrastructure solutions. As financial industry experts at the centre of markets and technology, we help our clients efficiently scale their business and quickly access markets. From infrastructure to connectivity, we support our clients through the full trading lifecycle. We are a global company headquartered in New York, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, London, Madrid, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Tokyo.

Senior C / C++ Engineer - Krakow or Warsaw

This is an opportunity to join a world-leading engineering team working on the design and development of new features across Pico’s entire product range. Our Redline Trading Solutions provides ultra-low latency market data and order execution solutions that solve the toughest latency and throughput challenges in today’s equities, options, futures and foreign exchange markets. Our Corvil Analytics technology is used extensively by market participants to understand various aspects of their performance and execution, at both network and business level, in real-time and retrospectively. We are at a tremendously exciting stage with extensive, on-going innovative work and an exciting vision to fulfil .

We need brilliant engineers to help bring this technology into new markets and new deployment models. If you want to work with a team of highly-skilled engineers where learning and innovation are everyday activities; if you want to solve the problems encountered when normalizing and analyzing the firehose of data in real time – then Pico is what you are looking for.


Requirements:

BSc/MSc in a relevant Engineering disciple (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Maths, Physics, etc)
A strong proficiency in C and/or C++ development under Linux
Insatiable appetite for problem-solving and learning about technology
Team player - excels in a collaborative environment while using initiative to the team’s benefit
Extensive knowledge of computer architectures
Focus on writing maintainable code
Excellent customer service attitude, communication skills (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills
Ability to ask for help, take advice, and incorporate constructive feedback
Ability to articulate the reasoning behind decisions or trade-offs
This role is office-based, minimum expectation is hybrid office/remote work.



Experience/Knowledge of the following is desirable:

High-performance systems and multi-threaded application development
Automated testing (unit testing, integration testing)
Multiple Linux-based development environments, including tools such as gdb and valgrind
Python programming
Continuous Integration (Jenkins), including the delivery of CI aligned test automation
Knowledge of Financial trading concepts (orders, trades, quotes, etc) and protocols (e.g. FIX)
IP networking
Packet capture analysis using tools such as Wireshark

Working Arrangements
This is a hybrid-based position with weekly time in the office with the flexibility of working from home. Though travel may be required from time to time, it is not expected to be regular or frequent. The role holder will be expected to work whatever hours are necessary for the performance of this role (recognizing that it involves multiple jurisdictions / geographies including but not limited to EMEA, USA and APAC).


Be a part of Pico Family
Pico is an equal opportunity employer. Pico does not discriminate on the basis of a candidate's age, race, gender, colour, religion, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or other non-merit factors. All employment decisions at Pico are based on business needs, job requirements and qualifications. If you require any assistance or accommodations to be made for the recruitment process, please inform us when you submit your online application.
About the job
Project Description:
We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities:
- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Mandatory Skills Description:
- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.

Nice-to-Have Skills:
- Investment Bank experience
- PySpark
- Java
About the job
About CluePoints

CluePoints provides Sponsors and CROs a better way of detecting and managing risks that may impact the outcome of clinical trials. Our solutions, all of which are underpinned by Central Statistical Monitoring, a technique that’s being investigated by the FDA for selecting sites for inspection, are deployed to drive a Risk-Based Quality Management strategy, as advocated by ICH and FDA.

About The Role

CluePoints is seeking outstanding candidates with strong data analytics aptitude and a passion for delivery excellence, to help drive customer success and broad adoption of the CluePoints solution.

In this role, you will collaborate with skilled engineers, Squad leads, and our lead application architect to find elegant and manageable solutions to new and complex product needs. As a member of the Engineering team, you will join a friendly and talented group of Backend Software Engineer, within a dynamic scale-up company facing great engineering challenges.

What you'll do
Build robust and scalable software using Python
Refactor and perform code review
Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges
Mentor junior team members
Work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solution
Increase test coverage via unit tests and integration tests
Analyze challenging problems and successfully deliver results
What you bring
Experience (5+ years) interfacing with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL), with web-frameworks (Pyramid or equivalent), following best practices (testing, design patterns, etc)
A strong background in OOP in at least one of the following languages: Python, Java, C# or C++
Your passion and curiosity about new technologies (languages, frameworks, etc) and your understanding of API structures and REST architecture
Master’s degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science/Engineering
Willingness to become a Squad Leader
About the job
💜 Are you ready to become one of the Luxofters? 💜


Benefits we offer:
👩‍⚕️ LuxMed health insurance (dental care & travel insurance included), life insurance
🧗🏻‍♀️ MyBenefit program (Multisport card or Multikafeteria)
💸 Paid referrals (also for external referrers)
👨‍💻 Remote work (or hybrid, depends on your needs), flexible working hours
🌎 Global relocation and Internal Mobility Program (switching between projects, locations)
🎓 LuxTalent platform (webinars, training, courses, paid certificates)
... and many more! 💥

Contract type:
Contract of employment or B2B
Working type:
Remote

Project Description
We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities
- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Skills
Must have
- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.
About the job
We are hiring Warsaw-based Python Developers / Quant Developers (Mid and Senior) to join our client’s CUBIST SYSTEMATIC TECHNOLOGY GROUP in Warsaw! Cubist is a systematic investing business that designs and implements automated, computer-driven trading strategies based on rigorous research to invest across multiple liquid asset classes. Cubist Data Technology is responsible for several initiatives related to data use, including compliance and trading research.

This job is hybrid (3-4 days a week of on-site work in the Warsaw office is needed)
Working hours during the knowledge transfer (up to 3 months) start from 12:00 CET to have an overlap with the NY team; the later schedule would be 9 to 5/ 10 to 6 CET.

RITS CENTER is one of the most dynamically developing IT companies based in Poland! We work in the cooperation/partnership model where we see our consultants as clients as well, and we exclusively collaborate with this stable client company where we have an opening for Python Developer. This particular client is a global Asset Management company resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talents.

REQUIREMENTS:
Must-haves:
3-7 years of working experience in Python (Strong programming experience with production-level coding experience)
For a Senior Developer, experience in a financial setting and/or some formal finance-oriented education is a must, for the Mid developer it's not mandatory
Quantitative skills
Strong SQL experience
Experience working in a Unix environment
Familiarity with GitHub version control and software delivery lifecycle
Undergraduate or higher degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or other quantitative discipline
Nice-to-haves:
Willing to take ownership of his/her work, working both independently and within a small team
Detail-oriented

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Automate and enhance the Trade Cost Analysis reporting framework
Automate processes for data cleaning and processing
Optimize SQL queries for data collection
Contribute to a robust, scalable research infrastructure including AWS cloud support
Ensure the live production system is up and ready before the US open

Is this a role you might be interested in?

Job Details:
🕰️ Working hours during the knowledge transfer (up to 3 months) start from 12:00 CET; the later schedule would be 9 to 5/ 10 to 6 CET.
🌍 Hybrid (3-4 days a week on-site work in the Warsaw office)
⏳ Cooperation model: long-term
💼 Type of contract: Employment agreement / Umowa o Prace only

WE TAKE CARE OF OUR PEOPLE --> We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. When you work here, we provide:
Sports card
Private life insurance with Enelmed
Private medical and dental care, with a vision allowance
Private pension scheme
Volunteer opportunities
Support for employee-led affinity groups representing women, people of color, and the LGBT+ community
Business travel accident insurance
Employee assistance program
Educational assistance reimbursement
Annual bonus and promotion opportunities by the end of a year
About the job
Join us as we pursue our innovative vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, our customers, having fun and most meaningfully, to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey!

Are you passionate about working on critical systems to create tangible customer impact? Would you like the opportunity to work at a growing company that is changing the way that information is used to support business decisions? If this resonates with you, we would love to speak with you.

Our team is a dynamic technology group with a mission to make data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. If you possess a passion for outstanding technology leadership and embrace the challenge of working on highly scalable systems that handle large volumes of data, this position is for you. We are building state-of-the art capabilities, data processing and search systems, support tools, security frameworks and automation instrumentation that will greatly impact how our customers successfully use data to improve their businesses performance, scalability, profitability, and market strategies.

Role
Participate in the complete software development cycle Understand requirements, design, develop, test, automate and deploy software
Identify and resolve pre-production system bottlenecks and production issues
Engage in design and code reviews of the product, and enhance your knowledge of customers’ experiences to prevent future problems
Make code maintainable and the product diagnosable and serviceable
Participate in rotating on-call duties to diagnose and solve customer issues.
Own features from start to finish; Mentor junior engineers
Requirements
Strong fundamentals in software engineering data structures and algorithms
Coding proficiency in one or more of the following languages with the ability to quickly learn new languages Go, Python,
Experience in working on distributed systems like databases, distributed file systems, distributed concurrency control, consistency models, CAP theorem is an added plus.
Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills including the use of associated tools
Experience with developing CI/CD systems, test automation frameworks,
Ability to document your work for the benefit of the team
Knowledge of REST, grpc or similar communication paradigms
Knowledge of public cloud services such as AWS, GCP, Azure
Operational excellence you think beyond feature delivery into how your code is serving customers in production
What We Offer
A team of incredibly capable and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering to product management and customer support.
A stable, collaborative, and supportive work environment. We work in an open environment, work together to get things done, and adapt to the changing needs for the team. We keep it real by being open and honest.
Balance. We want you to be successful outside of work too. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and commitment, and believe that balance helps cultivate a positive environment.
Fun. We are committed to having every employee want to give it their all, be respectful and a part of the family, and have a smile on their face while doing it.
We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.

For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About the job
Company Description

The Averna experience

Averna delivers industry-leading test solutions and services for communications and electronics device makers worldwide, accelerating product development, quality and innovation:

Be global@work: Serve international customers and collaborate with colleagues in Canada, Europe, the U.S., Mexico and Asia.
Drive innovation@work: Participate in the development of market-leading high-tech products in the telecom, transportation, electronics and medical devices.
Develop your talent@work: Contribute to thrilling projects that will stretch your skills and talent to the maximum.
Enjoy success@work: Be part of a fast-growing company with award-winning products and team.
Share your passion@work: Meet passionate people, enjoy our modern environment and dynamic atmosphere.

Job Description

The challenge of the Python Developer in Test:

At Averna, we help our customers ensure product quality through our unique expertise and innovation. Our renowned customers’ systems and products are always improving and adapting to technology, leaving our teams with many interesting challenges and projects to tackle.

As a Python Developer in Test, your expertise in software engineering will be used to develop complex solutions for one of our Big-League customers located in the Bay Area. We will encourage you to innovate and voice your ideas on a regular basis. We are looking for someone that is passionate about working in the high-tech industry.

Your day-to-day contribution in this role:

As part of the team, you are involved in the development, integration and support of various software solutions.
Successfully act as a leader for specific projects, work with engineers to develop software and hardware systems, and develop methodologies and tools to support the clients.
Utilize your strong ownership of responsibilities, time management, and results driven nature to achieve objectives in multidisciplinary, and international teams.
Evaluate system architectures, develop validation plans and perform risk assessments.
Perform code reviews and propose solutions to anticipate and resolve problems.

Qualifications

The ideal candidate:

Mandatory

Degree in software development or engineering
Minimum of 3 years of experience in software development with any language
Software engineering principles and development best practices
Strong knowledge of object-oriented programming and design patterns
Proficient with Python
Fluent in English (written and spoken).

Assets

Experience with hardware automation (instrument control or robotics)
Experience working with a test & measurements framework, a manufacturing environment or in industrial automation
Knowledge of networking protocols and concepts
Experience with Git and Linux
Strong analytical and debugging skills
Ready to learn new tools and navigate in unfamiliar environments

Additional Information

What we offer:

A multinational high-tech work environment
Team spirit, fun and passion for technology
Development and training opportunities
Interesting, inspiring projects
Attractive salary package including benefits
Free parking
Free English
Multisport card
Good Private Medical Care
Insurance
PPE – retire program (after trial period)
Quarterly bonuses (after trial period)
Integration amazing parties
Friendly atmosphere
Nice leader 😊
We are a fair company with good values.

Averna is committed to employment equity and to encouraging diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment, regardless of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
About the job
Are you a tech professional looking for remote work in a global setting? If yes, this job is for you.

Welcome to EPAM Anywhere - a global job platform offering remote work opportunities in the technology sector. Join us to build a career around your lifestyle working on modern projects for global brands and exciting startups.

We are currently looking for a remote Senior Software Engineer with 3+ years of Python experience, experience with Node.js and API development experience to join our team.

The customer is a full-service dental office that is committed to helping their clients achieve optimal dental health. The office is located in New York, United States.

As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll work across teams and use cutting edge tech to solve interesting, large-scale problems. Creating at a rapid pace you’ll make a direct and lasting impact anywhere that technology powers our business.

Responsibilities

Establish design and architecture best practices for mobile and web applications
Build and launch successful and enriching products to positively influence the patient journey & experience through our platforms
Deliver on the product-driven goals for both internal and external teams, ensuring our core engineering values remain a priority
Advocate for the inclusion of modern technologies and trends when it makes sense
Work collaboratively across the SDLC within an agile environment
Provide technical guidance and help mentor engineering, QA, operations, and product staff
Help define, document, evolve and evangelize high engineering standards and best practices across multiple areas
Move quickly and intelligently - seeing technical debt as your nemesis

Requirements

3+ years of experience with Python
Experience with Node.js
Django (we will consider experienced Python engineers who don't specialize in Django if strong in other areas, however)
API development experience
SAAS integration development experience
Microservice architecture & development experience
Proficient English (written and spoken) B2

Nice to have

eCommerce platform development/integration experience
Medical practice management software background/experience
Web scraping and/or headless browser scripting experience
Experience working with Stripe (payment platform)
Docker, Docker Compose knowledge
GitHub Actions
Experience with AWS (Lambda, ECS/ECR, S3)
Zappa experience
Serverless framework experience
Sequelize knowledge
Event based architecture experience and related AWS services - SQS, SNS, Lambda
Confluence, GitHub wikis, general documentation best practices

We offer

Discounts on health insurance, sport clubs, shopping centers, cinema tickets, etc.
Stable income
Flexible roles
100% remote work forever
EPAM hardware
EPAM software licenses
Access to offices and co-workings
Stable workload
Relocation opportunities
Flexible engagement models
Free trainings for technical and soft skills
Free access to LinkedIn Learning platform
Language courses
Free access to internal and external e-Libraries
Certification opportunities
Skill advisory service

This is a remote position and we welcome applications from anywhere in Poland

In case you are not a citizen of Poland, in order to successfully apply to this position you need to have work and residence permit in Poland

We accept CVs only in English.

This vacancy implies contract engagement.

Once you apply, you'll receive a confirmation email with a link to EPAM Anywhere platform. Sign up with this link to automate your prescreening, be able to monitor your application statuses, and enjoy a faster job application process.

Please note that even though you are applying for this position, you may be offered other projects to join within EPAM Anywhere.

EPAM Anywhere is a part of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM). Since 1993, EPAM has leveraged its advanced software engineering heritage to become the foremost global digital transformation services provider.

About the job
Project Description:

We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities:

- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Mandatory Skills Description:

- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.

Nice-to-Have Skills:

- Investment Bank experience
- PySpark
- Java

Languages:
English: B2 Upper Intermediate


🟢 What benefits are prepared for our employees?
Global company
Opportunities for career and professional growth
Copyright costs up to 90% - higher net salary
health & dental care, life insurance
MyBenefit program (sports card, well-being program etc.)
LuxTalent platform (webinars, training, courses)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid referrals
...and more!
About the job
Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet
Dun & Bradstreet unlocks the power of data through analytics, creating a better tomorrow. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture and accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our 6,000+ global team members are passionate about what we do. We are dedicated to helping clients turn uncertainty into confidence, risk into opportunity and potential into prosperity. Bold and diverse thinkers are always welcome. Come join us!

Team Overview:
As a Platform Engineer you will be presented with a rare opportunity to build upon a greenfield platform that is a game-changer for Dun & Bradstreet. We see the enormous value and potential in self-service automation to accelerate developer velocity safely, securely, and happily by building world class software delivery capabilities for GCP. Become part of the story at this 180-year-old company of how we built a hybrid technology platform that spanned multiple cloud platforms across many products around the world.
We are looking for an expert software engineer with platform building and public cloud experience. This role is primarily for GCP, so this would be a distinct advantage, but we're open to other cloud backgrounds such as AWS.
You’ll need a deep level of frontend and backend software development combined with SRE experience to automate away toil and technical debt for our developer community. Mature software practices will be your forte, such as TDD, peer-reviews and pair programming. Thus, a strong interpersonal skillset is a must and the ability to communicate and articulate what is and isn't possible to senior stakeholders, managing their expectations along the way using Agile Scrum and Lean methodologies.

Responsibilities:
As part of the Platform Engineering team, you will be working on a large multi-project GCP environment and developer enablement tooling that our internal application development teams rely on.
Serve as a software engineering SME for integration, automation, reliability, monitoring, and operations of the overall platform’s IaC and CI/CD tooling enablement Developer Experience platform.
Facilitate the requirements setting for engineering, architecting, design, and support of the platform’s integrations
Work across Platform Engineering teams to ensure a seamless integration of the enablement services in our internal developer cloud platforms to provide capabilities to Dun & Bradstreet’s development and product aligned engineering teams to meet the needs of the business.
Help document, advocate, and formalize patterns for resilience, availability, security, monitoring and alerting that is integrated into firm systems such as CMDB.
Make heavy use of DevOps tools & approaches, including Terraform Cloud, GitHub Enterprise, Artifactory, Harness, Vault, Packer, etc.
Create tools for automating deployment, monitoring and operations of the overall platform
Participate in the Architecture Review Process and pull-request code and document reviews to help steer developers towards platform solutions whilst gathering requirements to ensure we close functional gaps on the platform (e.g., style guidelines, accuracy, testability, and efficiency)
Be an active participant in the envisioning, design, and development process – this includes proactively suggesting improvements and alternatives along with keeping an open mind to the suggestions offered by other team members and users.
Collaborate with technology stakeholders and product teams to develop and articulate our vision; as well as deliver and sustain the end-to-end customer experience, in globally distributed platform aligned teams across technology.

Your profile:
5 yrs+ software development experience: Python
Proven practical industry experience of openapi schema design, Pydantic & flask API creation (inc. evidence of public repos and/or contributions to OSS)
OAUTH2 SSO & authorization implementation experience (with Azure AD or similar IdPs)
NoSql Document DBs
Demonstrable mature software development practices, inc. Git & CI/CD pipelines
TDD in the python ecosystem (coverage, tox, pytest, monkeypatch, etc.)
Agile practices (any of: lean, Kanban, scrum, XP, etc. with jira or similar)
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or related technical field
Ability to thrive in a high energy, high growth, fast paced, entrepreneurial environment, learning new skills to implement new technologies and excellent problem-solving skills.
Highly collaborative team player who can build strong relationships at all levels of the technology and business organizations, with solid communication skills and ability to work across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support software solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies

Nice to have:
Terraform (ideally Terraform Cloud)
Apigee-X
AWS
GCP
Kubernetes (GKE, EKS)
Harness.io CI/CD
GitHub Enterprise
JavaScript in a front-end design and development framework
Observability (Splunk ideally)
Platform engineering skills in security, cloud networking and SDLC related technologies, e.g. PKI, TLS, DNS, Secrets Management, RBAC, Remote Access, Artifact management and DevSecOps.
About the job
Project Description
We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities
- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Skills
Must have
- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.

Nice to have
- Investment Bank experience
- PySpark
- Java
English: C1 Advanced
About the job
Company Description

👋🏼 We're Nagarro. We are a digital product engineering company that is scaling in a big way! We build products, services, and experiences that inspire, excite, and delight. We work at scale — across all devices and digital mediums, and our people exist everywhere in the world (18,000+ experts across 33 countries, to be exact). Our work culture is dynamic and non-hierarchical. We're looking for great new colleagues. That's where you come in!

Job Description

By this point in your career, it is not just about the tech you know or how well you can code. It is about what more you want to do with that knowledge. Were you given the tools to go beyond solving for X? Can you help your teammates proceed in the right direction? Can you tackle the challenges our clients face while always looking to take our solutions one step further to succeed at an even higher level? Yes? You may be ready to join us.

Additional Information

Click here to access the application privacy notice
About the job
Responsibilities

What will you contribute?

Fusion Risk ARC is a banking risk and compliance solution that allows customers to conduct a risk-aware banking business strategy. We help banks manage their banking book risk through Asset and Liability Management (ALM/IRRBB), Fund Transfer Pricing (FTP) as well as enable them to comply with Regulation (Basel: LCR, NSFR, Credit Risk, Market Risk and IFRS). Reporting to the team lead in Gdynia, the Senior Software Engineer designs, develops, analyzes, and maintains high-quality software product applications.

Responsibilities & Deliverables:

Your deliverables as a Senior Software Engineer will include, but are not limited to, the following:
Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements.
Design and develop high-quality code.
Test, debug, analyze and fix application problems/issues. Work closely with stakeholders to fix issues in a timely fashion.
Follow the software development lifecycle process.
Interact with internal stakeholders to support product releases and/or resolve program problems.
Other duties and projects as assigned.

Required Experience:
5 years’ software development experience including design and development.
Experience with C++, Objective-C.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs, SQL preferred.
Familiarity with Mac environment (XCode)
Financial industry experience preferred.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications.
Knowledge of software development methodologies and the software development lifecycle.
Ability to provide solutions to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity independently.
Strong technical, analytical, and development skills.
Intermediate knowledge of required programming languages.
Effective verbal and written communication skills; effective customer service skills.
Ability to work independently or within a team environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.
About the job
Project Description:
We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities:
- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Mandatory Skills Description:
- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.

Nice-to-Have Skills:
- Investment Bank experience
- PySpark
- Java
About the job
Sphera is a leading global provider of enterprise software and services that enables companies to manage and optimize their environmental, health, safety and sustainability. Our mission is to create a safer, more sustainable and productive world.

Sphera is a portfolio company of Blackstone, a U.S.-based alternative asset investment company that focuses on private equity, technology and innovation, and more. Blackstone businesses succeed through strong partnerships, a personalized approach and a commitment to exceptional performance with uncompromising integrity. Sphera and Blackstone are leaders in the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) space.

We are guided by our core values of Customer Centricity, Accountability, Bias to Action, Innovation, and Collaboration. These values help us recruit the right talent to join our rapidly expanding team of around 1000 Spherions around the globe. It is important to us that each and every Spherion is not only eager to challenge themselves and knows how to get work done but is an awesome addition to our company culture.

What You Will Do
Work in an agile company that develops a successful, AI-based Supply Chain Risk Management application.
Not just transform tickets into code – be a full-fledged member of an Agile Team that works towards a common product vision.
Play a significant role in the implementation of new features while maintaining the current product.
Contribute to the improvement of our backend architecture.
Share your knowledge and technical expertise across the entire product development department.
Essential
You have experience in the development of web applications with Ruby on Rails
You are familiar with PostgreSQL and modern approaches in software development including CI/CD
You know why and how to test your code and have an opinion on TDD.
You have a big passion for web development & software engineering in general.
You like to solve complex problems together with your team.
You have an agile mindset and appreciate the agile methodology.
You do not hesitate to question the status quo.
You have a strong command of English, as it is our main communication language.
Sphera is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.
About the job
Senior Software Engineer

Rainbow.AI - building the game-changing weather predictions with ambitions to create a company that provides you with all kind of climate data in a fast and accurate manner. Plan is to predict weather much more accurately than game players do it now.

We have Alexander Matveenko and Yury Melnichek on board who have extensive experience in building fast-growing successful companies. Some famous examples are:

OneSoil
MAPS.ME, acquired by mail.ru in 2014 (maker of navigation apps with the offline mode)
AIMATTER, acquired by Google in 2017 (maker of the Fabby Computer Vision app)
MapData, acquired by Mapbox in 2017 (AI and AR-based navigation)
VOCHI, acquired by Pinterest in 2021 (a video creation and editing app)
Given that we’re pushing the limits and building a new approach to predict the weather along with a new way of consuming weather predictions.

Objective:
Help to build the first mobile application that users love and establish development best practices.

We are looking for a strong engineer with a broad outlook who can solve many non-trivial and trivial problems in our product. It is not important for us if you have enough experience in different areas of development, for us, it is much more important your desire to understand it and to complete the task by finding an elegant solution. If a language (or framework etc.) is just a tool in reaching your goal for you, maybe we will be a good team together. They should be high-performing autonomous individuals who dig into the problems and are ready to explore new languages, skills, and techniques.

Our goal is to make a technology that predicts the weather better than anyone else in the world and does it every 10 minutes. To achieve our goal, we assemble a super team of passionate, like-minded people and engage in engineering creativity. We have a high engineering culture, a high level of autonomy and responsibility, a respectful attitude towards each other based on trust in the technical expertise of each colleague. You will have to do a lot of interesting things: from creating new algorithms for data processing and ML deployment in production, to working with the infrastructure and monitoring its condition.

What you’ll do:

Develop and improve services to process data from different sources
Maintain development best practices
Hire more engineers as they are needed

Competencies
Required:

Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithms;
Strong knowledge of Python language;
С/С++ knowledge;
Ability to discuss your past decisions;
Excellent communication skills;
Building maintainable code base;
Experience in software design and building reusable components;
Extensive experience with asynchronous programming;
Usage of testing methodologies and frameworks;
Has worked closely with other engineering teams;
Ability and openness to learn, fail, reflect and apply learning moving forward;
Ability to quickly dive into a new domain or experience working in different domains (we are of course interested in mapping and image processing);
Startups working experience;
Desire to work with a product that will benefit the world.

Would be nice to have:

5+ years of writing code;
JS knowledges;
Experience in image processing;
Experience in cartography;
Experience with multiprocessing/multithreading;
Experience with any cloud platform: AWS, GCP, Azure;
Experience with practices and various instruments (k8s, docker, Ansible and ect.).

What we offer:

Competitive skill- and experience-based compensation, annual review with raise option;
Stock options to our employees;
Awesome team, friendly and professional;
Work equipment that you choose;
Paid Time Off;
Comfortable office in the heart of Warsaw;
Relocation and visa assistance.

Feel free to contact me: telegram @Trya_m, skype m.kondrashonok
About the job
What You'll Do
Help support the goal of building better, faster and cheaper digital maps
As part of our team, you will be responsible for creating and developing a platform used for the production of digital maps
Your work will improve the experience of key stakeholders of the data capture and analytics systems
Exchange knowledge with our talented engineers globally and solve a wide range of challenging, state of the art algorithmic issues
You will be working in the teams that directly manage their products
Working within a DevOps team responsible for the design, development and operational support for several key systems
Working with the latest native cloud technology to solve challenges of map making world
Work independently and as a member of a team, to implement a shared vision of the end product
Learn a lot of new things and continuously improve & expand your skills.
What You’ll Need
7+ years of experience in Software Development
Recent development experience in Java, Golang or Python
Strong English written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to communicate effectively in an international environment
Working experience in DevOps environment and passion for CI/CD tools, and cloud computing
Working experience in major cloud providers such as AWS, Azure using technologies including Cloud Formation, Terraform, Docker
A proven track record with simple to complex architectural designs and getting them developed/deployed
The ability to drive issues to resolution through communication, collaboration, and high-quality code
Ability to analyze problems on the abstract level and to decompose them into logical parts
Practical knowledge of object-oriented design principles and testing practices.
What’s Nice To Have
Experience in Big Data and supporting technologies (Spark, Hive, Hbase and Databricks) is an added advantage
Experience in Data ingestion, analyzing data, deduplication processes, data partitioning, converting data formats using skills SCALA, Databricks big formats is an added advantage
Working knowledge of SQL databases and NoSQL databases
Understanding of industry technology (analytics, monitoring, code deployment, system scalability, load balancers, web servers).
What We Offer
Competitive compensation package
Working @ TomTom, our work flexibility program – you and your team decide where is best for you to work depending on the activity you’re doing. This could be at home or in the office
Home office benefits – you’ll be provided with a one-time home office setup budget to create a safe and ergonomic work environment, as well as a monthly allowance to support home office expenses
Extended Location Flexibility – with this benefit, you may be eligible to work abroad for up to 30 days in your country of citizenship, or up to 90 calendar days in select countries and states
Holiday package, including your birthday off
Hackathons, DevDays and more – at TomTom, you’ll have the opportunity to bring your ideas to life, shaping them to help millions of people around the world
Learning opportunities – grow at TomTom through our internal learning programs
Being part of a collaborative and inclusive global culture – we have over 80 nationalities!
Plus, there will be additional benefits tailored to your work location!
Meet your team

We’re Maps, a global team within TomTom’s Location Technology Products technical unit. Our team is driven to deliver the most up-to-date, accurate and detailed maps for hundreds of millions of users around the world. Joining our team, you’ll continuously innovate our mapmaking processes, directly contributing to our vision engineering the world's most trusted and useful map.

At TomTom...

You’ll help people find their way in the world. In 2004, TomTom revolutionized how the world moves with the introduction of the first portable navigation device. Now, we intend to do it again by engineering the first-ever real-time map, the smartest and most useful map on the planet.

Work with a team of 4,000+ unique, curious and passionate problem-solvers. Together, we’ll open up a world of possibilities for car manufacturers, enterprises and developers to help people understand and get closer to the world around them.

After you apply

Our recruitment team will work hard to give you a meaningful experience throughout your journey with us, no matter the outcome. Your application will be screened closely and you can rest assured that all follow-up actions will be thorough, from assessments and interviews all the way through onboarding. To find out more about our application process, check out our hiring FAQs .

TomTom is an equal opportunity employer

TomTom is where you can find your place in the world. Every day we welcome, nurture and celebrate differences. Why? Because your uniqueness is what makes you, you. No matter your culture or background, you’ll find your impact at TomTom. Research also shows that sometimes women and underrepresented communities can be hesitant to apply for positions unless they believe they meet 100% of the criteria. If you can relate to this, please know that we’d love to hear from you.
About the job
My client, a company focused on Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain technologies, is looking for a skilled Tech Lead to join their team remotely.

Main Responsibilities:
Lead the technical team to perform Proof of Concept (PoC) on solutions and components.
Lead the technical best practices and principles on data APIs and Microservices architecture.
Building efficient and reusable backend components and architecting reliable, performant, and scalable data solutions.
Deliver the overall technical solution for data APIs and Microservices with related platforms and areas.
Explore the suitable technology stack for the API and Microservice architecture.
Support project plans and correct resource and time allocation.

Desired experience:
5+ years of scaleup/enterprise technical design experience on Cloud and Microservice architecture.
6+ years of application development / technical implementation experience.
Strong "can-do" attitude.
Experience in digital transformation, transforming from Monolithic to Microservice application.
Experience in technical implementation with:
Python
Cloud-based docker platform (ECS/Kubernetes)
Kafka (or RMQ, Apache Pulsar)
REST/GraphQL
NoSQL (E.g. MongoDB)
RDBMS and SQL (E.g. MySQL)

If this sounds interesting to you apply and let's have a chat !
About the job
Get to know us better
CodiLime is a software and network engineering industry expert and the first-choice service partner for top global networking hardware providers, software providers and telecoms. We create proofs-of-concept, help our clients build new products, nurture existing ones and provide services in production environments. Our clients include both tech startups and big players in various industries and geographic locations (US, Japan, Israel, Europe).
While no longer a startup - we have 350+ people on board and have been operating since 2011 we’ve kept our people-oriented culture. Our values are simple:
Act to deliver.
Disrupt to grow.
Team up to win.
The project and the team
We are working on an Application and Network Monitoring solution with our client. As a member of the team, you will be instrumental in developing a solution that focuses on monitored application data gathering, aggregation/enrichment and presentation. Your primary responsibility will be developing the commercial product, working closely with a team of skilled software engineers, network engineers and UX designers who collaborate closely with our client based on the east coast of the US.
Our team follows Agile principles, and we pride ourselves on our technical expertise. Our managers have a deep understanding of their work, ensuring that you will have the support you need to succeed in your role.
We believe in keeping meetings to a minimum, allowing you to focus on what you do best - developing world-class software solutions. We look forward to welcoming you to our team and working together to create something truly exceptional.

Your role
As a part of our team, you will:
Build an innovative APM&NPM product
Communicate with and gather requirements directly from the client
Have an impact on solution architecture, code quality
Write unit tests
Take part in the code review process

Do we have a match?
As a Senior Software Engineer you must meet the following criteria:
Proficiency in Python
Good knowledge of Ruby
Good knowledge of Linux, Git, Bash
Good knowledge and understanding of Docker, Kubernetes
Experience in writing Unit Testing
Experience with SQL
Good communication skills, English (B2 level)
Experience in working with a major public cloud: AWS, GCP, Azure

Beyond the criteria above, we would appreciate:
Experience with ClickHouse DB
Familiarity with ETL concepts
Experience in microservices

More reasons to join us
Flexible working hours and approach to work: fully remotely, in the office or hybrid
Professional growth supported by internal training sessions and a training budget
Solid onboarding with a hands-on approach to give you an easy start
A great atmosphere among professionals who are passionate about their work
The ability to change the project you work on
About the job
Wunderman Thompson

Department: Technology

Expertise: Technology

Location: Bydgoszcz, Poland

Last Updated: ${ new Date('2023-05-17T10:10:14-04:00').toLocaleDateString() }

Who we are:

At Wunderman Thompson we exist to inspire growth for ambitious brands. Part creative agency, part consultancy and part technology company, our experts provide end-to-end capabilities at a global scale to deliver inspiration across the entire brand and customer experience.

We are 20,000 strong in 90 markets around the world; our people bring together creative storytelling, diverse perspectives, inclusive thinking, and highly specialized vertical capabilities to drive growth for our clients. We offer deep expertise across the entire customer journey, including communications, commerce, consultancy, CRM, CX, data, production, and technology.

We are Wunderman Thompson Technology - a group of talented engineers, tech experts, and creators who combine our passions and contribute to the IT world. You may know us better as Cognifide or Mirum – in 2020, we changed our names, but at the same time, we remained a great team of people who deliver our best. We design, build, manage and run complex technology platforms and help our clients to benefit from our work and creativity.

Technologies we work with:
Languages & frameworks: Java – Spring, Micronaut, RestAPI, GraphQL> Python, JavaScript, Bash
Build systems: Gradle
CI/CD: Jenkins, GitHub Actions
Infrastructure & middleware: Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, RabbitMQ, Redis
Cloud: Azure , AWS
Frontend: React, vanilla JS
Testing: JUnit 5, Cypress, REST Assured
Maintenance: New Relic
Non-relational databases

What you'll get to do:
Be an important part of platform team who is responsible for implementing and maintaining Brand Guardian: https://www.wundermanthompson.com/brand-guardian
Be responsible for all aspects on the code side of the platform – implementation, code review, unit and integration testing, performance, security - to ensure proper quality
Be open to contribute in solution architecture design of our products and services
Work in diverse, interdisciplinary, agile team (:6-8 people) and develop products and services for customers like: Coca-Cola, BP, Dell
Support other engineers
Do production deployments along with monitoring of performance and security
Shape our products and services and how our customers use them
Use modern tools and approaches to deliver software efficiently
Take part in internal initiatives that combine business and technology (open-source projects, hackathons, R&D)

What you should have:
4+ years of professional development experience in Java
Experience in Azure
Understanding and experience in modern web architecture
Independence in coding and problem solving
Analytical thinking
Proactiveness, team player attitude, continuous improvement mindset
Openness to new technologies and approaches

Bonus Points if you know:
Typescript

What we offer:
Salary depending on presented skills: 16 000 - 21 000 PLN gross (Contract of Employment) or 18 000 - 23 000 (B2B). choose the employment type that works best for you
Annual bonus dependent on company profit
Budget for training and development (conferences, certifications, workshops and other), internal knowledge-sharing initiatives
Hybrid work style and flexible working hours - you can work from home, from our offices, or mix your work plan
Additional paid days off as an anniversary reward
Cafeteria system (MyBenefit) and Lunch compensation (Pyszne.pl vouchers)
Private healthcare for you and your family (Luxmed VIP package)
Group insurance and travel insurance
Co-financing your holidays, kindergarten, Multisport Plus, and others
Referral Program – you can receive up to 10 000 PLN gross for employee recommendation
English lessons during work hours
Office and online integration events and team building activities
Internal knowledge sharing and team initiatives (hackathons, lightning talks, mentoring, team and company-wide retreats)
Support from your first days at WTT - a designated mentor who will support you through your whole career at WTT
Work equipment tailored to your needs with delivery to your door

We are a part of Wunderman Thompson. Learn more about our Polish offices on dedicated social media: Facebook WT Tech Poland, Instagram WT Tech Poland.

At Wunderman Thompson, we are committed to actively building a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace where everyone feels welcomed, valued and heard, and is treated with dignity and respect. As leaders and creative partners across industries, it is our responsibility to cultivate an environment reflective of our greatest asset; our people. We believe that this commitment inspires growth and delivers equitable outcomes for everyone as well as the clients and communities we serve.

Wunderman Thompson is a WPP agency.  For more information, please visit our website and follow Wunderman Thompson on our social channels via Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram.

Note: We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.

When you click the "Submit Application" button below, this will send any information you add below to Wunderman Thompson. Before you do this, we think it's a good idea to read through our Recruitment Privacy Policy. California residents should read our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. This explains what we do with your personal data when you apply for a role with us, and, how you can update the information you have provided us with or how to remove it.
About the job
Are you a tech professional looking for remote work in a global setting? If yes, this job is for you.

Welcome to EPAM Anywhere - a global job platform offering remote work opportunities in the technology sector. Join us to build a career around your lifestyle working on modern projects for global brands and exciting startups.

Currently, we are looking for a remote Senior Python Developer.

The customer is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware.

Responsibilities

Full-cycle web application development: design, implement, test, and launch solutions in Python
Communicate with the customer to clarify requirements
Integration with other clients’ systems and applications
Support users of the developed system
Drive the collaboration process with other team members
Working for the largest search engine provider globally, and one of the four largest IT firms in the world

Requirements

3+ years of experience as Python Developer
Highly experienced in Python
Highly experienced with Flask (+ Cloud Endpoints)
Understanding of relational databases
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of OOP and design patterns
Understanding of software development life cycle and Agile development methodologies
Strong ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively

Nice to have

Knowledge of MVC/MVP
Experience with Unix-based OS
Undestanding of Agile testing pyramid

We offer

Discounts on health insurance, sport clubs, shopping centers, cinema tickets, etc.
Stable income
Flexible roles
100% remote work forever
EPAM hardware
EPAM software licenses
Access to offices and co-workings
Stable workload
Relocation opportunities
Flexible engagement models
Free trainings for technical and soft skills
Free access to LinkedIn Learning platform
Language courses
Free access to internal and external e-Libraries
Certification opportunities
Skill advisory service

This is a remote position and we welcome applications from anywhere in Poland

In case you are not a citizen of Poland, in order to successfully apply to this position you need to have work and residence permit in Poland

We accept CVs only in English.

This vacancy implies contract engagement.

Once you apply, you'll receive a confirmation email with a link to EPAM Anywhere platform. Sign up with this link to automate your prescreening, be able to monitor your application statuses, and enjoy a faster job application process.

Please note that even though you are applying for this position, you may be offered other projects to join within EPAM Anywhere.

EPAM Anywhere is a part of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM). Since 1993, EPAM has leveraged its advanced software engineering heritage to become the foremost global digital transformation services provider.
About the job
Welcome!

Our Growth is Creating Great Opportunities!

Our team is expanding, and we want to hire the most talented people we can. Continued success depends on it! Once you've had a chance to explore our current open positions, apply to the ones you feel suit you best and keep track of both your progress in the selection process, and new postings that might interest you!

Thanks for your interest in working on our team!

We are currently looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer to join our R&D team. If you want to be a part of our growing company that is driven by innovation and is focused on building a future together with our employees, consider applying. If you are interested in this role or would like to refer someone, please visit us at https://www.advaoptical.com/en/about-us/careers and find out more about it and other career opportunities.

Your Duties And Essential Functions

In this role you will have ownership of the technical documentation portal and all the autonomy to make technical decisions. You will design and implement the business-critical feature and also:

Develop, design, code, test, and debug business-critical logic in Python and Django
Develop user-facing elements in React and Typescript
Write clean maintainable code
Write unit and integration tests
Maintain and troubleshoot code

Technology we use

Python
Django
JavaScript
CSS
HTML5
Celery
React JS
Elastic
Docker
Git
GitHub

What will make you succeed in this role?

Good written and spoken English
Experience with the Django web framework
Experience with the Python programming language or extensive experience programming in another major language and a willingness to learn Python
Experience with Unix-based systems
Familiarity with CI/CD and DevOps concepts
Familiarity with front-end technologies (JavaScript, CSS, and HTML5)
Experience with Celery, React JS, and the Elastic stack (ELK) is a plus
Ability to learn new skills
Understanding of good design and clean code principles
Good problem-solving skills

Compensation & Benefits

Very good salary and stable employment conditions based on an employment contract
1 additional vacation day for all, and 1 extra after 10 years being with us
Flexible working hours and possible remote work
English lessons during working hours
Internal training program to support your training needs
Paid employee referral program
Multisport Card
3% employer contribution to PPK
Private Health Care at Luxmed (extended package for employees and possibility to enroll family members)
Strong team-oriented and friendly work culture
Access to various sports activities and events
Modern office (well-equipped gym and playroom) close to the SKM/PKM stations
Popcorn Fridays

We value open communication and we respect everyone’s needs.

At ADVA you will feel your real influence on our projects.

Join our team and see for yourself!
About the job
⚡️Why Altium?

Altium is transforming the way electronics are designed and built. From startups to world’s technology giants, our digital platforms give more power to PCB designers, supply chain, and manufacturing, letting them collaborate as never before.
Constant innovation has created a transformative technology, unique in its space
More than 30,000 companies and 100,000 electronics engineers worldwide use Altium
We are growing, debt-free, and financially strong, with the resources to become #1 in the EDA industry

Why A365 Software Engineering?

Build the cloud platform that’s transforming electronics design. Altium 365 for cloud lets design engineers communicate, collaborate and bring their ideas to market more efficiently than any platform in the industry. These are some of the R&D Software Engineering contributions you might make to Altium 365:
Building new cloud-native applications and scalable infrastructure
Utilizing AI and ML to power advanced search capabilities
Large-scale data processing; data modeling; holistic, intent-based API design
Stateful and stateless servers, relational databases, ORM frameworks

Altium offers the opportunity to conceive and build new product features for electronics engineers, and add your own ideas to the world’s most collaborative and efficient electronics design platform.

A day in the life of our Software Engineer

As a Senior .NET Developer , your primary role will be product development for complex cloud applications with the Altium 365 R&D team.

Who We’re Looking For
Work with a tech stack of .NET Core, AWS, multi-tenant architecture, and distributed highload systems.
Handle tech challenges different from most others on the market, a mixture of complex engineering software, microelectronics and cloud services
Add to the team’s expertise through collaboration and sharing knowledge

Required Technology Experience
.NET Core, .NET Framework.
AWS, EC2, ECS, RDS, etc.
Multi-tenant architecture, microservices.
CI, CD, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes.
MySQL (FireBird, Oracle as a plus).

🎯 What Matters to Us
Big-thinking in pursuit of purpose
Diversity of thought
Courage of conviction
Transparency of intent
Ingenuity of AND
Agility in action
Adaptability of approach
Grit in pursuit of mission
🌍 Also, we would like you to know We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.

💡 Learn more about why a career at Altium is an opportunity like no other: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAYCOLpPLPE

✈️ Altium Benefits: https://careers.altium.com/#s-benefits
About the job
A Career with Point72’s Cubist Systematic Technology Group

Cubist is the systematic investing business within Point72. Cubist designs and implements automated, computer-driven trading strategies based on rigorous research to invest across multiple liquid asset classes. Our Portfolio Manager teams around the world develop their investment theses from our unparalleled access to a wide range of publicly available data. Cubist Data Technology is responsible for several initiatives related to data use, including compliance and trading research.

What you’ll do
Automate and enhance Trade Cost Analysis reporting framework
Automate processes for data cleaning and processing
Optimize SQL queries for data collection
Contribute to a robust, scalable research infrastructure include AWS cloud support
Ensure the live production system is up and ready before the US open

What’s Required
Minimum of 3 years working in a financial setting and/or some formal finance oriented education
Undergraduate or higher degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or other quantitative discipline
Strong programming experience in Python with production level coding experience
Strong SQL experience
Experience working in a Unix environment
Familiarity with GitHub version control and software delivery lifecycle
High skilled technologist with reasonable quantitative skills
Detail-oriented
Willing to take ownership of his/her work, working both independently and within a small team

We take care of our people

We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. When you work here, we provide:
Sports card
Private life insurance
Private medical and dental care, with vision allowance
Private pension scheme
Volunteer opportunities
Support for employee-led affinity groups representing women, people of color and the LGBT+ community
Business travel accident insurance
Employee assistance program
Educational assistance reimbursement

About Point72

Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent.

Our Warsaw office gives us access to world-class talent with a reputation for excellence and innovation. We’re looking to build an office of subject-matter experts whose fresh perspectives will help evolve our infrastructure and advance the capabilities of our teams. Learn more at http://point72.com/Warsaw
About the job
Software Developer with Ruby [Kraków/Remote]

We’re Hiring for Software Developer role in Kraków/Remote.
Are you seeking an exciting new opportunity to take your career to the next level? Strategic Audience Map, a rapidly growing marketing platform, is seeking talented individuals to join our team.


Hey there! At Brain Nordic, we’re all about small, tight-knit team of experts who can make a big impact. We’re big on teamwork, open communication, and coming up with new ideas. Our mission is to create the easiest marketing platform in the world, and we need awesome people like you to help us make it happen! As a Senior Software Developer at Brain Nordic, you’ll get to work on some really exciting projects with a team of experienced professionals from all over the world. You’ll have plenty of opportunities to share your ideas and skills, and together we’ll come up with cutting-edge solutions that really make a difference. If you’re looking for a challenging and rewarding career in a fun, supportive environment, then you should definitely apply to join our team. I can’t wait to see what can we achieve together!
- Grzegorz Kochan, Head of Products


What do We Offer
Great opportunities for career development
Nordic work culture
Small, agile teams with no artificial hierarchy
Real impact on product and processes
Your choice of tools
Support for personal growth
Flexibility and support from the team
The chance to work at an international startup
Opportunities to visit the land of Vikings
A competitive salary range of 2500 – 5000 EUR / month, depending on your experience and qualifications
Attractive stock options program
Opportunity to practice and improve your English. Polish, Swedish, and Norwegian too if you’re into it!

Your First Day at Work
On your first day, you’ll meet with our cross-functional team and get close to how we’re approaching building and scaling our online business. You’ll see that we spend less time in meetings and more time creating for our clients from all over the world. After tapping into our Agile-based dev-friendly processes, you’ll select your first assignment!

Your First Challenge
Over the past few months, we have been working hard to design the upcoming new version of our flagship product – SAM. After your onboarding and setup, your first task will be to join forces with the team of designers, frontend developers, and backend developers to implement the new, fresh, and shiny version of the product. This will be a great opportunity for you to get familiar with our setup and systems.

As you learn more about our challenges, you’ll be able to contribute to other parts of our systems, such as data processing pipelines, machine learning algorithms, and systems architecture.

As our company and product team continue to grow and expand, we would like you to grow as well. This means expanding your technical expertise, taking on additional areas of responsibility, and playing a larger role in the organization.

Our Tech Stack
Here is a sneak peak into our tech-stack.

Ruby, Rails, AWS, Postgresql, Docker, JavaScript, Vue.js, Go, Python, ML.

If you’re already a master of all of it, that’s awesome! If not, don’t worry, we strongly believe that great engineers can learn new tools and technologies and use them as needed.

Brain is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Brain for who you are, regardless of where you come from, what you look like or what algorithms rock your boat. Our platform is created to make the Internet a better place, and so is our workplace. The more superstars we have represented and enriched in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute and be forward thinking! So bring your personal experiences, your perspectives and your background to us. It is in our differences that we find the power to build the strongest team.

Our mission is to unlock the potential of data for publishers and advertisers and to create a safer space for Internet users everywhere. We do this through data and by always keeping internet users’ privacy first.
About the job
As Acronis is dedicated not just to Cyber Protection but to the general protection of its potential and current employees, recruitment and onboarding process are being held online during the current global COVID-19 situation.

Acronis leads the world in cyber protection - solving safety, accessibility, privacy, authenticity, and security (SAPAS) challenges with innovative backup, security, disaster recovery, and enterprise file sync and share solutions that run in hybrid cloud environments: on-premises, in the cloud, or at the edge. Enhanced by AI technologies and blockchain-based data authentication, Acronis protects all data, applications and systems in any environment, including physical, virtual, cloud, and mobile.

With dual headquarters in Switzerland and Singapore, Acronis protects the data of more than 5 million consumers and 500,000 businesses in over 150 countries and 20 languages.

Acronis is implementing projects to integrate the Acronis Cyber Cloud service with the most popular solutions in the sphere of billing, RMM and PSA solutions. We already implement integration with such products as ConnectWise, Appdirect, Plesk, cPanel. In this project, we plan to create a completely new SDK for creating PSA and RMM integrations with Acronis Cyber Cloud.

Tasks

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analysis of requirements for the product
Development and writing of quality code on Python
Maintenance of business logic by unit-tests
Support QA team in technical matters

Requirements

SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:
3+ year of experience writing well-designed, high-quality production code
Strong knowledge of Python
Experience with Python Asyncio
Experience with databases (MySQL or PostgreSQL)
Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices
Good interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills
Fluent English

WOULD BE A PLUS:
Python 3.x
C#
PHP
Go
Principles of REST / RESTful
About the job
Senior Software Engineer / Poland, Lodz (Remote/Hybrid) / £60k / Contract / Music - Tech

About Beatport:

For over 15 years, Beatport has been the global leader in DJ and Club Culture, pushing the boundaries of dance music to all corners of the world. Created by DJs for DJs, Beatport has always been dedicated to innovating new products and services to support evolving generations of music performers and producers.
Working at Beatport, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work for an industry-defining brand in a professionally structured start-up environment where employees work within highly collaborative teams across the globe on products and services that change how DJs and fans experience music.
Like our audience, we are global. Beatport offers the possibility to work remotely and has offices in the UK and Los Angeles.
The Beatport Group includes some of the best-known brands in DJ culture, including Beatport, Beatsource, Loopmasters, Plugin Boutique, Loopcloud, Beatport Streaming, Ampsuite and LabelRadar; we are consistently looking for bright, creative professionals with diverse perspectives and backgrounds. So whether your dream job is currently listed below or not, please introduce yourself if you believe you’d be a great addition to our team, who are as excited as we are to continue revolutionising the ecosystem that empowers DJs and creators to be successful at their craft.

Where you come in
We are looking to hire driven and talented full-stack software engineers to join our development teams. Ideal candidates have a long track record of broadly-based dev skills, project successes, positive and constructive attitudes and can balance the demands of the software development lifecycle with their team.
Our web application stack is mostly Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, API development, cloud technologies and products (Amazon Web Services). Along with these technologies, a solid foundation of software design principles and a positive, collaborative attitude is what we are looking for. (That last one is non-optional). We are passionate about electronic music and culture and hope you are too!

The Role
This role requires eligibility to live and work in Poland.
The right full-stack Software Engineer can be localized in Lodz (Poland) or hybrid mix mode: 80% remote, 20% office.
This is a high impact role in a growing company. You’ll work directly with your team lead and Product Owner to plan and execute our software development goals every quarter. You’ll work alongside the product team to understand and translate their vision into working software.

As a Senior Software Engineer you are accountable for:
Assisting and guiding your team members on a daily basis
Ownership of your software development goals until they are complete
Providing technical leadership and design decisions for your team members and product stakeholders, meaning:
Ensuring best practices
Negotiating for time in the sprints to address technical debt and raising technical concerns about the existing software so that product owners are clear about the impact of unaddressed problems
Providing subject-matter expertise or seeking out help from other experts to ensure the best decisions get made at implementation time
Promoting thoughtful and careful code review and using reviews as instructional moments when opportunity arises
The health of the primary codebases your team works on - unit tests, CI, documentation, security warnings, build status, dev environments.
Ensuring the team makes progress on department-level OKR’s NEW
Collaborating with the product owner on a frequent basis regarding features and user stories
Being aware of QA coverage, automation efforts, and overall quality status of the products you are working on, and ensuring efficient communication and testing organization with QA. NEW
Providing honest communication to stakeholders about the software you work on

To satisfy the above accountabilities, you will be performing the following work on a regular basis:
Write software on a daily basis throughout our stack (API’s, front-end applications and tests)
Code review a significant portion of the code posted by your team
Provide constructive and thoughtful technical feedback on code reviews
Pair program with your teammates when they need help
Organizing design or programming sessions to unblock tickets as fast as possible

As a Full-stack Senior Software Engineer you will require:
Demonstrable proficiency with Ruby on Rails and JavaScript
Strong experience with web technologies and protocols (HTTP, REST API’s, websockets, OAuth workflows, etc.)
Knowledge of cloud services and experience integrating their SDK’s (Amazon Web Services preferably)
Dedication to designing and writing clean, understandable and testable code
Proficiency with React web framework
Experience building scalable public APIs over HTTP
Moderate proficiency with SQL, RDBMS databases such as MySQL or Postgres, and experience with cloud document databases or key/value databases
Experience with kubernetes, databases, networking, machine learning/AI, programming languages like Elixir and Go or previous roles in the music industry are all great bonuses to bring to the role.
How to apply:
Please send a resume and links to any work samples.
Benefits:

We offer a responsible and exciting proposal with an international range. The position is within a highly motivated team with a positive working climate that will allow you to express your talent fully. In addition, we offer appropriate remuneration, and very good development chances within a dynamically growing enterprise. Beyond this, the position offers an intensive integration in the international music scene.

Hybrid work options
A professional environment with room for creativity and fun
VIP Access to select music events & Livestreams
Flexible PTO
Focus Days
+ more

Equal Employment Opportunity:
Beatport strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, colour, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law.
Hiring Practices:
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not intended to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Beatport’s recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Beatport may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, Internet recruiting, job fairs and college recruiting. Beatport does not accept speculative CV's from employment agencies unless specifically requested by the Talent Team.
About the job
📢 Join our team as a Python Developer with GCP! 📢

Description of the position:
Within DLM, we are searching for a person responsible for development of new features and maintenance for existing bank products and applications.
The Python Developer implements and maintains software based on business requirements or incidents and does optimizations and performance tasks. Designing, planning and implementation Python applications depending on bank standard architectures and business requirements.
Person in this position is able to complete his/her role independently.

What you will be doing? 👇
Software development, defect analysis and bug fixing
Software configuration management and development
Preparing and releasing new version of application
Code review
Creation of technical documentation
Technical reviews of system components
Analyzing of technical specification
Analyzing documentation for new requirements from business site
Managing a code repository

Which technology & skills are important for us? 👌
High knowledge of Python
Good knowledge of GCP
Good knowledge of Data Pipelines

Nice to have:
Basic knowledge of Google Service Document AI
Basic knowledge od Machine Learning
Basic knowledge of Jira
Basic knowledge of CI/CD, Bitbucket, Git, TeamCity
Scrum knowledge
Problem Solving Skills

How?
📌 Hybrid on Wersalska 6 street (Łódź)

What we offer? 🥳
Skills@Work - development program
26 days of full paid holiday + extra day off for each man-year
Sodexo Lunch Pass - pre-paid card for lunch
Referral Program
Relocation Assistance Program
Employee Assistance Program (psychological support)
E-learning platforms: O'Reilly, libraries, tutorials
Multisport

Below you can find more information about Commerzbank and cluster 👇
Commerzbank is a leading international commercial bank with branches and offices in almost 50 countries. The world is changing, becoming digital, and so we are. We are leaving the traditional bank behind us and are choosing to move forward as a digital enterprise. This is exactly why we need talented people who will join us on this journey. We work in inter-locational and international teamwork in agile methodologies.

Description of the cluster:
The mission of the cluster Document Lifecycle (DL) is to enable a paperless bank. DL creates a globally consistent and complete Commerzbank archive and front-end infrastructure for document generation, scanning, electronic transport and archiving for bank and client. The cluster is responsible for a range of more than 70 applications.
About the job
Description

Position at Earth Class Mail - Poland

We’re LegalZoom and we're here to democratize law. We believe that everyone should have access to professional legal advice. So, we’ve built a trusted and accessible technology-based platform to reduce barriers and help empower millions of people to grow their business, care for their families, protect their ideas and more.

LegalZoom has recently acquired the leading virtual mailbox solution for small businesses, Earth Class Mail. LegalZoom and Earth Class Mail work together to provide the best possible solution for our customers, who benefit from the freedom and time we help them save. When people turn to LegalZoom to set up their businesses, they’ll also be able to select a virtual business address and use Earth Class Mail tools to manage their physical mail. To date, we’ve grown to become the leading provider of online legal, tax and virtual mail solutions for families and small businesses, and we’re committed to making our services even more valuable and easier to use than ever before.

We’re looking for a Senior Backend Engineer.

What You Will Do
Design, build, and maintain large-scale services, job pipelines and systems
Develop and define the backend architecture and tech stack
Work with key stakeholders in Software Engineering and Product to understand needs in the product Development
Solve complex problems with strong focus on security, performance, scalability
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes
Mentor / coach peers
What We Are Looking For
5+ years of commercial experience as a Software Development Engineer
5+ years of programming experience with at list one modern programing languages (Go, C#, C/C++,Python)
Experience contributing to architecture and design of new and concurrent systems
Experience with Databases (PostgreSQL, MySql), DataStores (ElasticSearch, Redis)
Strong Computer Science and development fundamentals, including object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design.
Strong knowledge related to concurrent programming and hands on experience with highly scalable, distributed systems
A strong self-starter, operationally-focused; a problem-solver
Working proficiency with written and spoken English
Nice To Have
Experience working with public cloud providers (Azure / AWS / GCP)
What We Offer
Comfortable office in the City Center with non-corporate, engaging, collaborative atmosphere
Flexibility in choosing the type of contract (contract of employment or B2B)
Paid holiday (26 days for B2B)
Additional 10 days of paid "parental" for a B2B contract
Development fund of 3k PLN per year per head
Private healthcare (full Luxmed package including dental care)
MultiKafeteria programme (Multisport, cinema tickets, vouchers)
Free English classes, Udemy access, Life insurance
Team building and socializing events, amazing coffee & fresh fruits in the office
About the job
It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

Job Summary

We are looking for a talented senior software engineer to join Avid’s Platform Services Engineering team. You will be an integral part of our core UX teams to develop new media acquisition solution for Avid’s MediaCentral Platform - including integration with Avid MediaCentral | Cloud UX and with other Avid products. A successful candidate will be able to understand complex end-to-end workflows and interaction models between and within web-applications as well as optimized communication with backend services and message-oriented systems. You drive to build new functionality using an agile SCRUM process. The ideal candidate will act as a strong technical contributor. The successful candidate must be able to communicate well in a multi-site project, including other teams worldwide.

Responsibilities And Duties

Developing the platform services and components for a new media acquisition solution for Avid’s MediaCentral Platform
Developing the front-end applications for cloud solutions
Requirements analysis and active communications with stakeholders
Break-down tasks and provide estimates, participate in the release planning
Troubleshooting, diagnosing field issues, and fixing bugs
Following the best practices in the team, including code review, unit tests coverage, CI & CD
The successful candidate must be able to communicate well in a multi-site project, including coordinating of development and deliverables with other teams in Ukraine, Germany, Poland and US

Qualifications & Skills:

3+ years software development experience
Excellent programming skills with JavaScript, React.js, TypeScript & Node.js
Understanding of service-oriented architecture
Using the REST architecture as a client
Experience with using Linux based operating systems
Experience with source control system, Git preferred
Good investigation and problem-solving skills
Fluency in English (both spoken and written); the ability to communicate efficiently in English is a must
Track record to work independently, though collaboratively and a willingness to learn
Good communication and teamwork skills

The following experience is considered a plus:

Knowledge of database design and technologies, MongoDB prefered
Programming skills with Java or other OOP programming language
Experience handling of virtualization/container technologies like Docker and Kubernetes
Knowledge of modern CI/CD pipeline (Jenkins, containerization)
Ability to analyze performance issues, design and implement solutions to improve the performance, scalability and stability of the product
Experience developing using an agile/SCRUM process

Avid is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
About the job
Job Description

Would you like to work with cutting-edge technology?

Are you a web developer who loves creating complex web applications ?

Join our Control Center Authentication Team

Akamai Control Center is Akamai's face to our users on the Web. It provides a full range of tools and APIs, including analytics, configuration management, web services, training, support and billing for our customers to manage their accounts. We're responsible for authentication of users and services in compliance with authentication protocols like OAuth or SAML.

Work with cutting edge technology

You will be working on building highly usable and scalable solutions for Akamai Portal platform. You will be working in modern architecture and creating sophisticated systems primarily on the server side. You will develop and integrate platform components which will be utilized by customers and other engineering teams.

As a Software Engineer Senior II, you will be responsible for-

Developing software backend of services and applications and frontend if you want to
Contributing to the overall design and architecture of the Akamai Portal platform
Solving complex problems in a timely and accurate manner through development, automation and systems programming
Defining non-functional requirements as part of the product lifecycle to influence the new designs for distributed systems
Executing in a multi-disciplined environment in tight collaboration with other engineering teams

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will-

Show experience in building web applications using Java/JEE technology
Be experienced working with SQL and/or no-SQL database systems
Have very good understanding of browsers security
Have good understanding of microservices architecture
Have experience in developing web applications and APIs using REST or Spring
Demonstrate familiarity with Internet protocols including TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, TLS/SSL
Be passionate about learning and using new technologies
Have experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, and some UI framework, e.g. Angular.io - would be an asset

Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like!

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life-

Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!
About the job
Remitly is on a mission to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial products and services on the planet. Since 2011, we have been tirelessly delivering on our promises to immigrants sending their hard earned money home. Today, we are reimagining international payments at scale and building new products to create deeper relationships with our customers and their loved ones across the globe. Join over 2,700 employees across 10 offices who are growing their careers while having a positive impact on people globally.

Remitly is registered as a Money Services Business in the U.S., Canada, EU, United Kingdom, Singapore and Australia. Each of these jurisdictions require, among other items, that Remitly maintain a comprehensive Risk and Compliance Program.



The Customer Success Engineering team oversees the customer support experience. We allow our global operations to support our customers' experience to get the help they need, when they need it. As a member of the Customer Success Engineering team, you would be directly responsible for the customer and agent experience, as well as our customer's access to our agents.

As a software engineer at Remitly you will build solutions for complex technical and customer problems. You will also work on integrations with vendors and service cloud providers like Salesforce. You will report to the software engineering lead in the Cork office.







We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organization and in all of our business operations. Employment is determined based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.

Remitly is an E-Verify Employer
About the job
Gcore in a nutshell: Our mission is to make the Internet faster, more reliable, and more secure. Gcore is a powerful leader in the public cloud and edge computing, content delivery, hosting, and security solutions. Headquartered in Luxembourg, with offices around the world, the company provides the infrastructure to global leaders in numerous industries. Our company has over 400 employees from more than 30 locations. Diversity and inclusivity are at the (G)core of our business. We believe having a diverse workforce is crucial if we want to deliver on our mission to build a better Internet.

We are looking for an enthusiastic and highly motivated Python SE to join our CDN backend development group. You’ll be working with a team of highly skilled professionals using a modern tech stack and helping to continuously improve our products and how we work.

Key Responsibilities:
Developing, rethinking and maintaining CDN functionality;
Integrating CDN with other Gcore services and products;
Participating in the development of feature architecture (together with other developers and architects);
Finding and fixing bugs;
Collaborating with other teams to clarify requirements, explore implementation options and to discuss issues etc.
Conducting code reviews
Required qualification & skills:
Commercial experience with python 3 & SQL (3 + years)
Previous experience with Django, DRF, Celery and Pytest
Knowledge of RabbitMQ, PostgreSQL, Git and Docker

Desired qualification & skills:
Any experience with FastAPI, Kubernetes, Drone CI, GitHub & Github Actions
Modern approaches to user authentification and/or authorization


What we offer:
We aim to offer benefits that ensure you feel and give your best. The benefits vary by region, but you can expect perks like:
Competitive salary
Medical insurance or its reimbursement
Educational support
Flexible schedule
Remote, hybrid, or office work
Business trips depending on your role
Coffee and snacks at the office
Corporate swag, gifts, and events


About the Company:
Gcore is an international cloud and edge leader in providing first-class web performance, content delivery, and security headquartered in Luxembourg, whose global infrastructure is included in the Guinness Book of Records.
Gcore manages its own global IT infrastructure across 6 continents, with one of the best network performances in Europe, North America, Asia, and LATAM, according to the independent analytical system, Cedexis (a Citrix company), due to the average response worldwide time of 20−30 ms, although in several regions, it even dips under 3−5 ms. Gcore’s network consists of 140+ points of presence around the world in reliable Tier IV and Tier III data centers, with a total capacity exceeding 110 Tbps.


Equal Opportunity Employer
Gcore is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We pride ourselves on being represented by people of all backgrounds and experiences. We aim to attract and employ diverse talent. We provide equal opportunity to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics.

We look forward to meeting you!
About the job
Responsibilities

What will you contribute?

You will join A scrum team working on systems integration project. You will be involved in the design and development of functional requirements of our clients - investment banks. As a senior developer, you will be a key contributor to the product delivery of a team. You will design and develop following Agile and SAFe methodologies, and development best practices: code review, SOLID principles, automatic tests and continuous integration.

This position is located in Gdynia.

Responsibilities & Deliverables:

Your deliverables as a Senior Software Engineer will include, but are not limited to, the following:
Participates in software design meetings and analyzes user needs to determine technical requirements.
Implements functional requirements according to specification.
Follows the coding rules and best practices.
Debugs, analyzes and fixes complex application defects.
Shares the knowledge with team members.
Interacts with internal stakeholders to support product releases and/or resolve software issues.
Other duties and projects as assigned.

Required Experience:
4+ years’ software development experience including design and development.
Good C++ and Java programming skills.
Spring Boot framework hands-on experience.
Relational databases and SQL programming experience.
Hands on experience in a few items of the following stack: ReST, Swagger, Redis, JMS, FIX, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, GIT, Jira.
Knowledge of software development methodologies and the software development lifecycle.
Team spirit, enthusiasm, willing to learn and progress in an international and stimulating environment
Effective verbal and written communication in English.
An experience or knowledge in the financial industry would be a plus
About the job
Software Engineer - EFOE
Location: Poland

About Tripstack
We are travel tech entrepreneurs, changing the way millions of people travel.
Our proprietary virtual interlining technology provides access to billions of travel itineraries by combining flights from different airline carriers that don’t traditionally work together. We take our customers from point A to B via C, including land transportation, at the lowest possible price. We are impacting the way people travel and provide higher margin opportunities to our partners that are some of the largest in the travel industry.
We pride ourselves on the performance-driven environment we have created for our teams to prosper and excel in. We come to work ready, to challenge and be challenged. We’re big enough to give our teams support but small enough that every person makes a difference. There are plenty of challenges to champion.

The Role
We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our development team. You will be responsible for writing code for a large-scale distributed system, APIs that provide unique travel (flights and more) content to our customers. We are looking for someone who is a natural problem solver, that is detail-oriented and can work both independently and collaboratively in a fast paced environment. This role will help with planning, developing, testing, and deploying our Product. We are looking for someone who is extremely detail-oriented and can work both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.

Responsibilities:

Design, write, review code for reliable, high-quality systems at scale serving 100s of millions of requests daily
Evangelize Tripstack products internally and externally
Proactively identify technology opportunities for the company, and push technical ideas, proposals, and plans to the entire organization and beyond
Be responsible for good quality code with emphasis on test driven development and clean code
Work cross-functionally with product managers, data scientists, to deliver high quality products

Desired Skills and Experience:
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or related technical field experience
3-5 years of experience in C#, .Net, Golang, and Swagger would also be acceptable
3-5 years of experience and understanding of CS fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and complexity analysis (time and space)
3-5 years of experience and understanding databases such as Postgres
3-5 years of experience and understanding of highly scalable caching/no-sql offerings like Redis, Bigtable, DynamoDB.
1+ years of experience and understanding of event processing platforms like Apache Kafka
2+ years of experience building large scale, high-performance systems in a complex, multi-tiered, distributed environment
3-5 years of design and architecture knowledge as well as familiarity with object-oriented analysis and design patterns (OOA/OOD)
Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results
Proven track record of designing/architecting scalable, high availability distributed systems that serve internet traffic direct to consumers or businesses at scale (100s of millions of requests per day)
Experience with Restful API development
Experience working in a Linux environment
Understanding of performance trade-offs, load balancing and operational issues
Ability to clearly and concisely communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders across all levels of the organization

Additional experience that would be considered an asset:
Experience with Google Cloud Platform/AWS or other cloud providers & cloud native architecture
Experience with Machine Learning concepts and model development. Experience with Docker, Container Orchestration tools like Kubernetes
Experience with code analysis tools like SonarQube

What is takes to succeed here
Ambition and dedication to make a difference and change the way people travel. Where we always play to each other's strength in a high performing team reaching for our common goal. We hold ourselves to the highest expectations, and move with a sense of urgency and hold ourselves accountable and win by staying true to what we believe in.
Learn more about our values here

Benefits

We offer an opportunity to work with a young, dynamic, and a growing team composed of high-caliber professionals. We value professionalism and promote a culture where individuals are encouraged to do more and be more. If you feel you share our passion for excellence, and growth, then look no further. We have an ambitious mission, and we need a world-class team to make it a reality. Upgrade to a First Class team!

At TripStack, we proudly believe in embracing diversity. This is true for our team, clients, communities and stakeholders. We are an equal opportunity employer and committed to creating a safe, healthy and accessible environment. We encourage applications regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or any other grounds protected by law. Please let us know if you need any accommodations during any part of the recruitment process.

TripStack thanks all applicants for their interest, however only those selected to continue in the process will be contacted.

Learn more about us at www.tripstack.com
About the job
Description

Position at Earth Class Mail - Poland

We’re LegalZoom and we're here to democratize law. We believe that everyone should have access to professional legal advice. So, we’ve built a trusted and accessible technology-based platform to reduce barriers and help empower millions of people to grow their business, care for their families, protect their ideas and more.

LegalZoom has recently acquired the leading virtual mailbox solution for small businesses, Earth Class Mail. LegalZoom and Earth Class Mail work together to provide the best possible solution for our customers, who benefit from the freedom and time we help them save. When people turn to LegalZoom to set up their businesses, they’ll also be able to select a virtual business address and use Earth Class Mail tools to manage their physical mail. To date, we’ve grown to become the leading provider of online legal, tax and virtual mail solutions for families and small businesses, and we’re committed to making our services even more valuable and easier to use than ever before.

What You Will Do
Design, build, and maintain large-scale services, job pipelines and systems
Develop and define the backend architecture and tech stack
Work cross-functionally with many teams: Engineering, product, technical operations, Data Science, etc.
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes
What We Are Looking For
5+ years of commercial experience as a Software Development Engineer
5+ years of programming experience with at list one modern programing languages (C#, C/C++, Go, Python)
2+ years of experience contributing to architecture and design of new and concurrent systems
Experience with Databases (PostgreSQL, MySql), DataStores (ElasticSearch, Redis)
Strong Computer Science and development fundamentals, including object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design.
Strong knowledge related to concurrent programming and hands on experience with highly scalable, distributed systems
A strong self-starter, operationally-focused; a problem-solver
Proficiency with written and spoken English
Nice To Have
Experience with WPF/ Electron/Flutter/ Desktop application development is a plus
What We Offer
Comfortable office in the City Center with non-corporate, engaging, collaborative atmosphere
Flexibility in choosing the type of contract
Paid holiday (26 days for B2B)
Additional 10 days of paid "parental" for a B2B contract
Development fund of 3k PLN per year per head
Private healthcare (full Luxmed package including dental care)
MultiKafeteria programme (Multisport, cinema tickets, vouchers)
Free English classes, Udemy access, Life insurance
Team building and socializing events, amazing coffee & fresh fruits in the office
Competitive salary
About the job
Engage with our software and help companies proactively protect money and reputation. Bring in your own ideas to improve our product strategy, closely collaborate with partners and internal stakeholders to make our product even more successful and bring it to the next level.

Are you ready to take an opportunity to jump start your career with the next SaaS champion in Supply Chain Risk Management? Then read this carefully! We're looking for an aspiring and motivated team player as our new Senior Software Engineer.

What you will do:

Work n an agile company that develops a successful, Al-based Supply Chain Risk Management application
Not just transform tickets into code - be a full-fledged member of an Agile Team that works towards a common product vision
Play a significant role in the implementation of new features while maintaining the current product
Contribute to the improvement of our backend architecture
Share your knowledge and technical expertise across the entire product development department

Requirements:

You have experience in the development of web applications with Ruby on Rails
You are familiar with PostgreSQL and modern approaches in software development including CI/CD
You know why and how to test your code and have an opinion on TDD
You have a big passion for web development and software engineering in general
You like to solve complex problems together with your team
You have an agile mindset and appreciate the agile methodology
You do not hesitate to question the status quo
You have a strong command of English
About the job
Senior Backend Engineer

Position Overview

As a Senior Backend Developer, your primary role will involve expanding and enhancing our existing codebase, as well as driving innovation for new features. You will take full ownership of your work, ensuring that all aspects are well-executed, including code functionality, comprehensive test automation, scalability within our cloud infrastructure, and proper monitoring.

Your responsibilities will extend to working with cutting-edge cloud native services and solutions, contributing to the continuous evolution of our platform while maximizing its value for our customers. This will involve orchestrating intricate workflows through the utilization of serverless technologies, developing machine learning solutions, and enhancing automation processes. The dynamic nature of the role ensures that you will always face new challenges, keeping your work engaging and stimulating.

About the team
Our revenue enablement platform's training and coaching team is dedicated to enhancing the training and coaching capabilities. The majority of our codebase is implemented in Scala and Kotlin, and we are currently in the process of transitioning to the AWS cloud serverless environment. Our updated technology stack is Typescript based and heavily relies on AWS services such as API Gateway, Kinesis, CDK, Lambda, S3, Dynamo, Step Functions, and more. We make use of the appropriate service for each specific task to ensure optimal functionality.

In our workplace, we foster an environment that embraces failure as an opportunity for growth. We continuously seek opportunities to learn and improve, encouraging one another to reach our fullest potential. Above all, we believe in having fun while pursuing our goals.

Minimum Requirements

Seasoned experience as backend engineer develop scalable, production-ready solutions using JVM-based languages (Kotlin, Scala) and frameworks (Micronaut).
Hands-on knowledge with AWS
Experience with Typescript
Experience with event driven architecture design and implementation
Understands the importance of strong software testing at every stage and can advocate for test-driven development
Comfortable analyzing, estimating, and prioritizing complex projects
Ability to model data and queries around feature requirements with an emphasis on performance and scalability. Experience working in a multi tenant environment is a plus
Continuous integration and delivery mindset
Experience designing and implementing APIs for, and collaborating with, internal and/or public data consumers

Company Highlights

Founded in 2011, Showpad is the world’s leading Enablement Operating System (eOS™). We align Sales and Marketing teams around impactful content and measurable engagement, enabling sellers to build unique buying experiences and continuously improve conversion rates. Sellers close more deals – faster – with Showpad.

With dual-headquarters in Ghent and Chicago, regional offices in London, Munich and Wroclaw, and remote hubs across the US and EMEA, Showpad is powered by a diverse global workforce of more than 550 people. Our employee value proposition centers around impact, purpose and belonging. Our culture is based on flexibility, trust and setting people up for success. At Showpad, we foster inclusion, innovate for impact and never stop to raise the bar. We take serious care of our people but never take ourselves too seriously.

What you can expect from Showpad
We welcome every voice and are committed to building a truly inclusive environment where your differences are not just welcomed, they are celebrated. We’re building a best-in-class experience for our employees and are always identifying opportunities to encourage our team to be their authentic selves. Whether it’s additional company-wide days off, paid time off to volunteer at non-profit organisations, personal development opportunities or professional stretch assignments, you can expect Showpad to support you.
We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive organisation and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other dimensions of identity.
About the job
W związku z rozwojem jednostki R&D, do naszego zespołu poszukujemy OpenStack Python Developera. Na tym stanowisku będziesz odpowiadać za budowanie nowych lub rozszerzanie modułów OpenStack w Comarch Cloud Infraspace (CIC).

Cechuje Cię wysoka samodzielność pracy? Posiadasz solidne umiejętności programowania w języku Python i świetnie radzisz sobie w środowisku Linux?

Ta oferta jest właśnie dla Ciebie! Nie czekaj, aplikuj już dziś!

PROFIL PRACOWNIKA

Wykształcenie wyższe informatyczne (informatyka lub pokrewne kierunki techniczne)
Doświadczenie w środowisku Linux (RHEL 8, CentOS Streams 8, Oracle Linux 8)
Duża samodzielność pracy
Solidne umiejętności kodowania w Pythonie (5+ lat)
Doświadczenie zawodowe i doskonała znajomość architektury oraz konfiguracji OpenStack
Umiejętność wirtualizacji KVM
Znajomość sieci wirtualnych (Open vSwitch, OVN) i TCP/IP
Umiejętność debugowania i rozwiązywania złożonych problemów technicznych w systemach klasy enterprise
Doświadczenie w:
Git, Flask, Django
budowanie REST API i Gateways
zarządzanie systemami produkcyjnymi z wysoką dostępnością SLA
budowaniu procesów CI/CD
Dodatowym atutem będzie znajmość:
Java
PostgreSQL
Apache Pulsar/Kafka
orkiestracji kontenerów (Kubernetes), ElasticSearch
eBPF, perf, strace, tcpdump lub podobnego narzędzia do debugowania i analizy wydajności

TWOJE ZADANIA

Rozwijanie modułów OpenStack w Comarch Cloud Infraspace
Utrzymywanie systemów rozproszonych
Współpraca z Devopsami i Developerami odpowiedzialnymi za budowę usług w Comarch Cloud Infraspace

DLA CIEBIE

Okazja do pracy z najnowszymi technologiami
Rozwijająca praca w zespole R&D
Elastyczne godziny pracy
Praca w modelu hybrydowym (po okresie wdrożenia)
Brak dress code'u
Indywidualny plan szkoleń i konferencji
Dostęp do prywatnej opieki medycznej dla Ciebie i Twojej rodziny
Możliwość udziału w akcjach i wydarzeniach promujących aktywny tryb życia
Ciekawe zadania związane z najnowszymi technologiami i rozwiązania IT
Karnety na całą rundę piłkarskiej ekstraklasy dla fanów Cracovii i ich rodzin, a także wejściówki na lodowisko
About the job
Appfire is an enterprise collaboration software company that enables teams to plan and deliver their best work. Since launching in 2005 as one of the original Atlassian ecosystem partners, Appfire has built a portfolio of top-selling apps for more than 30,000 customers — including 55% of Fortune 500 companies. As a product-led company, Appfire identifies gaps in industries serving developers and client support teams and then builds solutions that drive productivity and efficiency.

Appfire continues to grow exponentially, with teams spanning 20+ countries. We are financially strong, continuously meeting or exceeding revenue targets, and we invest heavily in strengthening the foundation of our organization. Being philanthropic is integral to operating our business, so we donate 1% of employee time, product, profit, and equity as part of our Pledge 1% commitment.

Come join our team!

Job Purpose And Overview

You will be working with our 7Pace product team and develop and improve our time tracking solution that integrates with the Microsoft environment (Azure DevOps) and on a brand new version of the extension for monday.com. This job will give you a chance of being a part of a cross-functional team that is responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. You will work closely with our Product Owner, Chief Product Architect, Frontend Engineers (on integrating user-facing elements with server-side logic), backend Engineers (.NET), and other software development teams in order to ideate new software solutions and improve existing ones.

As a Backend Node.js Engineer you will be part of our Backend team and you will guide them into Node.js concepts and practices. You will also work on extending the functionality of the solution with Node.js and microservices.

Our tech stack
Frontend: React.js, Redux, TypeScript/JS
Backend: Microservices, C#, ASP.NET Core, Node.js, MSSQL, Azure
Azure DevOps, Github, Docker, Kubernetes

What You Will Need
Proven, solid experience as a Backend or full stack Node.js Engineer (or a similar role)
Proven experience TypeScript, React, REST/JSON API, Node.js
Intermediate knowledge, written and spoken, of English language

Nice to have
Familiarity with Frontend languages and libraries (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript/TypeScript, React)
Experience with RDBMS design and development (PostgreSQL or MSSQL are preferred)

What We Offer
Remuneration: Perm (UoP) 13 000 - 20 000 PLN gross/month + 80% AKUP (Creativity Tax)
Indefinite Employment Contract from day one, no trial periods
Every Appfire employee is eligible for company equity
26 paid days off, regardless of years of experience
Wellness Days – additional time-off each month to recharge and take care of yourself (1 day per month)
Private healthcare, including psychological care
MyBenefit Platform - 150 PLN/month to spend on available shops, restaurants, gyms, etc.
Home Office allowance - 200 PLN/month to cover your electricity and internet bills
Lunch Card - 300 PLN/month to spend on groceries/restaurants (excluding alcohol and other excise duties items)
English language courses
Training budget
Plenty of team building events

Why a Career at Appfire?

Appfire is a global company of awesome humans working to help teams all over the world. We believe that bold ideas light the way for builders - just like us! Our culture embraces YOUR unique skills, while providing a collaborative, diverse environment that thrives on change and growth for the entire Appfire family! At Appfire, innovators are wanted!

Appfire is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and we prohibit discrimination or harassment of any kind. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
About the job
Job Description

The Zendesk Deploy team is looking for a well-rounded Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about improving deployment tooling and enabling engineers to ship code as quickly and safely as possible.

Vision & Mission - Deploy Team - We are leading innovation at Zendesk by reducing the mental load for deployment tools and standards so that any team at Zendesk can deploy quickly and uneventfully with a mission to provide all engineers a golden path to safe and simple deployments by streamlining tools and interfaces.

What You’ll Be Doing

Engage with teams across Zendesk to build a better deployment experience and develop deployment standards.
You will team up with our customers (other fellow developers) to understand their requirements while onboarding new deployment patterns and products with different functional requirements.
Develop cutting-edge tools to improve the efficiency of more than 1000+ engineers in Zendesk by enabling engineers to ship code as quickly and safely as possible.
Write and review runbooks, and documentation and overall contribute to continuously improving the development and operational experience of our systems.
Participate in the development life-cycle including conception, design, implementation, testing, rollout, and making everything run efficiently in production.

What You Bring To The Role

Demonstrable record in Software Engineering with strong capabilities in any of the major programming languages (e.g Go, Ruby, Python or Java)
Proficiency in full-stack
Passion for collaborating and mentoring others
Experience running and maintaining production systems
Experience with container and container management technologies OpenShift, Docker, Kubernetes, and Deployment Manifest Generation.

Preferred Qualifications

Demonstrated knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
Pragmatic approach to deliver outcomes often and early

Tech Stack

We don’t require previous experience with these tech stacks, and we’ll help you learn what you need to succeed.

Our applications are written in a variety of languages: Go, Ruby, Java, and Jsonnet to name a few
Our user application runs on Kubernetes
Our team manages all of this using a combination of in-house built tooling

What We Offer

Ownership of the product features implementation you work on
What you will be doing will have a huge impact
Team of passionate people who love what they do!
Exciting features, ability to implement your own ideas and improvements
Opportunity to learn and grow!
Possibility to specialise in areas like security, performance and reliability
and everything you need to be effective and maintain work-life balance
Flexible working hours
Professional development funds
Comfortable office and a remote setup
Premium Medical Insurance as well as Private Life Assurance

The Poland annualized base salary range for this position is zł226,000.00-zł340,000.00. Please note that while the salary range represents the minimum and maximum base salary rate for this position, the actual compensation offered will be based on job related capabilities, applicable experience, and other relevant factors. This position may also be eligible for bonus, benefits, or related incentives that will be communicated during the offer stage.

About Zendesk - Champions Of Customer Service

Zendesk software was built to bring a sense of calm to the chaotic world of customer service. Today we power billions of conversations with brands you know and love. We advocate for digital first customer experiences—and we stick with it in our workplace. Over 5,000 employees worldwide have the flexibility to choose where they work. The fact is, we know great work happens anywhere. Whether you’re collaborating from your home office, a Zendesk workspace, or the kitchen table, you’re part of one team at Zendesk.

Zendesk is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re proud of our ongoing efforts to foster global diversity, equity, & inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment and employees at Zendesk are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. If you are based in the United States and would like more information about your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

Zendesk endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities and disabled veterans pursuant to applicable federal and state law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to submit this application, complete any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participate in the employee selection process, please send an e-mail to peopleandplaces@zendesk.com with your specific accommodation request.
About the job
💜 Are you ready to become one of the Luxofters? 💜

Benefits we offer:
👩‍⚕️ LuxMed health insurance (dental care & travel insurance included), life insurance
🧗🏻‍♀️ MyBenefit program (Multisport card or Multikafeteria)
💸 Paid referrals (also for external referrers)
👨‍💻 Remote work (or hybrid, depends on your needs), flexible working hours
🌎 Global relocation and Internal Mobility Program (switching between projects, locations)
🎓 LuxTalent platform (webinars, training, courses, paid certificates)
... and many more! 💥

Project Description
About the Project
Our client is looking for Software Developers in Test, with strong Software Development, Test Automation and preferably basic Networking skillsets, who will be continuously improving and maintaining the Quality Release Gate process for our Customer. This Team creates new automated testcases in a purely software development-oriented fashion (using design patterns and heavy OOP), as the infrastructure and test cases are tightly integrated as intercommunicating Python applications. The engineer is expected to raise the bar in code review, SOLID design principles, OOP implementation, improving the quality of the team's PRs and code in general as a gatekeeper. This team also collaborates closely with the Customer's Developer Team on feature issues and thus reduces the number of flaws in the Product. The Customer relies on us to keep a healthy and real PASS rate of the tests in order to maintain a high-performance product and demonstrable quality metrics (Quality Gate). Our current Team is comprised of experienced Software Developers, Automation and Manual QA Engineers, working in an agile process of Product Lifecycle Management together with our Customer. Tools and
Technologies used
Python 2.x /3.x, Atlassian Suite, Jenkins, Bitbucket, Git, KVM/vCenter, Linux, Docker, Ixia.

Opportunities for you
Debug all functional aspects of the Products and Test Framework, gaining experience in a wide area of technologies and devices (Advanced Applied Python knowledge, Cisco, Arista, Cumulus, etc.). Work in a Docker environment. Define the Quality Gate process with the help of our existing team, maintaining it and having ownership over it. Collaborate closely with our local team and with the Customer's team. Primarily contribute to automated test case development and framework development, gaining in-depty understanding of the client code and bettering yourself as a professional developer. Maintain a solid and predictable, quantified code review process. Work in an expanding team of talented professionals, as a senior you will also have the opportunity to take responsibility of a group of people and grow your specialized Release Unit.

Responsibilities
- PRIMARILY contribute to test development and framework development.
- Contribute to the quality strategy of the products by developing and maintaining the Quality Release Gate process (create new automated tests in a software development-oriented fashion)
- Run and debug automated integration and system tests in Python
- Work closely with the engineering team to isolate and resolve defects in a timely manner
- Work closely with our local team to debug framework and test related issues
- Create bug reports when issues arise and track them through completion.
- Triage failures per severity and prioritize as necessary.
- As a senior, mentor other people and help with task delegation.
- As a senior, fix Python code issues, debug advanced aspects of the Network and Test Infrastructure.
- As a senior you get the opportunity to grow as a Leader, shaping your own Release Unit.
- Become a gatekeeper, establish healthy code merge principles, improve the code review process in your team.

Skills
Must have
SOLID, QA Automation, Software Development Methodologies, Python, Software Development, IP basics (ICMP, ARP, static routing).

Nice to have
EVPN-VXLAN, CCNA, Networking, BGP (Border Gateway Protocol), OSPF (Open Shortest Path First), VMware vCenter, Arista, Juniper

Languages
English: B2 Upper Intermediate
About the job
Teladoc Health is a global, whole person care company made up of a diverse community of people dedicated to transforming the healthcare experience. As an employee, you’re empowered to show up every day as your most authentic self and be a part of something bigger – thriving both personally and professionally. Together, let’s empower people everywhere to live their healthiest lives.

The Opportunity
We are looking for a mobile Software Engineer to work out of our new office located in Poland on a hybrid schedule (2x per week in office) who is excited about the complicated technical challenges that come with improving access to care to Teladoc Health’s global membership and provider populations.
As the global telemedicine leader, we facilitate millions of consultations with doctors every year, covering everything from general medical visits to behavioral health and specialty care. In this role, you will be a core contributor on a collegial, cross-functional team whose mission is to ensure our continued ability to scale in providing private, high-quality access to care to those who need it worldwide.

Responsibilities
Work with internal teams, stake holders and Devops to build and deploy Teladoc Health’s mobile applications
Understand deployment strategy to all development and production environments
Familiarity with relational databases, writing SQL queries, and SQL crud operations.
Work with third-party mobile libraries and APIs
Update client certificates / provisioning profiles and build scripts as needed
Continually research, learn, and keep up with changing mobile requirements from apple and android.
Update and maintain the mobile build machine to the latest version

Candidate Profile
Experience developing mobile apps with Xamarin or native Android or iOS experience.
Experience with CICD tools and systems and app store release cycle and processes
Experience using one or more source control tools (Git, SVN, Perforce, Rational, etc.)
Experience writing SQL queries.
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process required
Experience with .Net, C# and Xamarin is preferred
Able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.
Effective communication skills and a willingness to learn are a must.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.

Location: Poland (hybrid 2x per week in office)

Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives.

Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey.

Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.

Focus on PEOPLE: Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.
About the job
Site Name: Poznan Business Garden Pastelowa

Posted Date: Apr 25 2023

Why GSK

Come join us as we supercharge GSK’s data capability!

At GSK we are building a best-in-class data and prediction powered team that is ambitious for patients.

Scientific Digital and Tech’s goal is to power the discovery, development and supply of medicines and vaccines to patients. This means new tools to discover new medicines and vaccines, predictive capability for pre-clinical research, accelerated CMC and supply chain and an improved day-to-day laboratory experience for our scientists. Our Digital & Tech solutions will automate workflows and speed up decisions; freeing hands and releasing minds to focus on science.

As R&D enters a new era of data driven science, we are building a data engineering capability to ensure we have high quality data captured with context and aligned data models, so that the data is useable and reusable for a variety of use cases.

GSK R&D and Digital and Tech’s collective goal is to deliver business impact, including the acceleration of the discovery and development of medicines and vaccines to patients. The R&D Digital and Tech remit has expanded over the past 2 years, and to position GSK for the future, The change will strengthen R&D Tech, to provide more strategic impact, focus, accountability, and improved decision making in the use of Digital, Data and Analytics (DDA) to strengthen the pipeline.





























#SCD

G7

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can thrive. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of 2030.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive. We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy. We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.



GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
About the job
Company Description

SmartRecruiters is a values-driven, global-minded, and well-funded tech employer on a mission to connect people to jobs at scale. As a global leader in enterprise recruitment software, SmartRecruiters offers a cloud-based global Hiring Success platform that allows teams to attract, select, and hire the best talent. 4,000 companies worldwide rely on SmartRecruiters to achieve hiring success—including brands like Bosch, LinkedIn, Skechers, and Visa—using recruitment marketing, CRM, AI, ATS, and a marketplace of 600+ connected vendors all within one scalable platform.

SmartRecruiters was recognized by Forbes as one of the Best Employers in 2020. We are proud to offer a collaborative, diverse, and remote-friendly work environment, as well as competitive salaries and generous equity. We believe in promotion from within, so high performance can lead to upward mobility. Needless to say, we make sure you’re taken care of. Our inclusive office environment welcomes and respects all.

Job Description

Our engineering team solves one of the most important problems of the modern economy - connecting great people with great jobs. We believe this problem can only be solved with technology, and we developed a software platform that has supported over 100M job seekers to date (with 5M joining every month). We are looking for a backend engineer to help us build the next chapter of that vision.

We designed our R&D structure based on the empowered product teams model. It means our teams are responsible for business outcomes and have autonomy in solving problems in the way that “customers love yet work for the business” (yes, we are heavily influenced by this and that).

Our technology platform is a SaaS product hosted on AWS. Our system is composed of hundreds of independent services orchestrated by Kubernetes.

We build most of our services in Java, Javascript (Node.js), and Python. We have a strong CI/CD culture, and we currently run 40 production deployments per engineer per month.

What you’ll deliver:

Contribute to a full life-cycle of the product (including problem discovery, prototyping, design, implementation, and measuring adoption)
Build services with Java / Node.js (Express, Nest.js) on top of Kubernetes/AWS/GCP infrastructure
Build developer-friendly RESTful APIs
Design and connect to our persistence layer (PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch)
Collaborate with other teams

Qualifications

Experience in designing, developing, and operating distributed systems
Experience in supporting end-to-end product lifecycle (from product discovery, solutioning, system design, implementation, production rollout, and optimization)
While not strictly required we see most of our Senior Engineers have 5+ years of professional experience.
Deep command of Java programming language
Hands-on experience with TDD, clean code and clean architecture principles, and effective code reviews.
Strong domain modeling skills - including refactoring existing domains.
Good understanding of persistence layer design
Good understanding of RESTful API design
Understanding of distributed systems design (design for failure, eventual consistency, asynchronous communication, circuit breaking, timeouts, etc.)
Ability to coach and mentor other engineers
Excellent collaboration and communication skills
Strong command of the English language, both written and verbal
Experience in CI/CD would be a plus (running multiple deployments per day)
Familiarity with AWS/GCP and Kubernetes/Docker would be a plus

Additional Information

SmartRecruiters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
About the job
Are you a tech professional looking for remote work in a global setting? If yes, this job is for you.

Welcome to EPAM Anywhere - a global job platform offering remote work opportunities in the technology sector. Join us to build a career around your lifestyle working on modern projects for global brands and exciting startups.

We are currently looking for a Senior Python Developer with 3+ years of strong experience in writing microservices with Python, experience with Kafka and knowledge of MS SQL to join our team.

The client is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions.

Responsibilities

Participate in requirements analysis
Collaborate with teams to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using Python
Test and deploy applications and systems
Revise, update, refactor and debug code
Improve existing software
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle

Requirements

3+ years of strong experience in writing microservices with Python
Flask / Django knowledge
Experience with Kafka or similar
Experience with Azure cloud
Knowledge of MS SQL
Experience in Angular, HTML and CSS
Experience with measuring and optimizing performance
Experience with Source Control (git)
Experience with Continuous Integration (based Azure DevOps, Bamboo or similar)
Good problem solving and communication skills
Proficient English (written and spoken) B2

Nice to have

Experience with Namenko
Solid experience with Azure cloud
Redis knowledge
Azure DevOps experience
Octopus knowledge
Docker and Kubernetes experience
Grafana or similar tools for metrics visualization
Prometheus or similar

We offer

Discounts on health insurance, sport clubs, shopping centers, cinema tickets, etc.
Stable income
Flexible roles
100% remote work forever
EPAM hardware
EPAM software licenses
Access to offices and co-workings
Stable workload
Relocation opportunities
Flexible engagement models
Free trainings for technical and soft skills
Free access to LinkedIn Learning platform
Language courses
Free access to internal and external e-Libraries
Certification opportunities
Skill advisory service

This is a remote position and we welcome applications from anywhere in Poland

In case you are not a citizen of Poland, in order to successfully apply to this position you need to have work and residence permit in Poland

We accept CVs only in English.

This vacancy implies contract engagement.

Once you apply, you'll receive a confirmation email with a link to EPAM Anywhere platform. Sign up with this link to automate your prescreening, be able to monitor your application statuses, and enjoy a faster job application process.

Please note that even though you are applying for this position, you may be offered other projects to join within EPAM Anywhere.

EPAM Anywhere is a part of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM). Since 1993, EPAM has leveraged its advanced software engineering heritage to become the foremost global digital transformation services provider.
About the job
W związku z rozwojem jednostki R&D, do naszego zespołu poszukujemy OpenStack Python Developera. Na tym stanowisku będziesz odpowiadać za budowanie nowych lub rozszerzanie modułów OpenStack w Comarch Cloud Infraspace (CIC).

Cechuje Cię wysoka samodzielność pracy? Posiadasz solidne umiejętności programowania w języku Python i świetnie radzisz sobie w środowisku Linux?

Ta oferta jest właśnie dla Ciebie! Nie czekaj, aplikuj już dziś!

PROFIL PRACOWNIKA

Wykształcenie wyższe informatyczne (informatyka lub pokrewne kierunki techniczne)
Doświadczenie w środowisku Linux (RHEL 8, CentOS Streams 8, Oracle Linux 8)
Duża samodzielność pracy
Solidne umiejętności kodowania w Pythonie (5+ lat)
Doświadczenie zawodowe i doskonała znajomość architektury oraz konfiguracji OpenStack
Umiejętność wirtualizacji KVM
Znajomość sieci wirtualnych (Open vSwitch, OVN) i TCP/IP
Umiejętność debugowania i rozwiązywania złożonych problemów technicznych w systemach klasy enterprise
Doświadczenie w:
Git, Flask, Django
budowanie REST API i Gateways
zarządzanie systemami produkcyjnymi z wysoką dostępnością SLA
budowaniu procesów CI/CD
Dodatowym atutem będzie znajmość:
Java
PostgreSQL
Apache Pulsar/Kafka
orkiestracji kontenerów (Kubernetes), ElasticSearch
eBPF, perf, strace, tcpdump lub podobnego narzędzia do debugowania i analizy wydajności

TWOJE ZADANIA

Rozwijanie modułów OpenStack w Comarch Cloud Infraspace
Utrzymywanie systemów rozproszonych
Współpraca z Devopsami i Developerami odpowiedzialnymi za budowę usług w Comarch Cloud Infraspace

DLA CIEBIE

Okazja do pracy z najnowszymi technologiami
Rozwijająca praca w zespole R&D
Elastyczne godziny pracy
Praca w modelu hybrydowym (po okresie wdrożenia)
Brak dress code'u
Indywidualny plan szkoleń i konferencji
Dostęp do prywatnej opieki medycznej dla Ciebie i Twojej rodziny
Możliwość udziału w akcjach i wydarzeniach promujących aktywny tryb życia
Ciekawe zadania związane z najnowszymi technologiami i rozwiązania IT
Karnety na całą rundę piłkarskiej ekstraklasy dla fanów Cracovii i ich rodzin, a także wejściówki na lodowisko
About the job
Project Description
Customized automation projects for BT to implement a flexible Network Management framework based on Juniper tools (proprietary) and other Open Source tools and technologies

Responsibilities
Contribute to the high-level design and low-level design as code.
Working closely with the squad Solution Architects, understand the user requirements to create and update stories on Jira.
Participate and contribute to all sprint ceremonies - Sprint refinement, planning, daily scrums, demos, and retrospectives.
Participate and contribute to all the technical meetings with the customer teams and other relevant stakeholders.
Working in the squad, actively call out dependencies, risks and issues.
Input into the Program Control Board and any other governance forums.
Follow the Juniper Professional Services engagement and delivery processes.
Ability to work independently and remotely with limited supervision.
Excellent written & verbal communication skills.
Ability to handle multiple tasks, prioritize and meet the deadlines.
Flexibility to work with a wide range of stakeholders from different cultural backgrounds and time zones. Mainly CET/GMT. On ad-hoc bases with colleagues in the US (EST and PST)

Mandatory Skills
Expertise in Yang
Expertise in OpenConfig
Expert in Jinja2
Experience in Python
Experience in Git
Experience in BDD
Experience in Ansible
Experience in CI/CD based SW development
Experience and knowledge of network environments (*mainly encompassing Cisco: BGP, ISIS, OSPF, VRF, MPLS etc)
Experience in Agile projects (Jira exposure would be good)

Languages
English: C1 Advanced

Our Benefits
💰 Tax-Deductible Costs on a contract of employment for all development roles
👩‍⚕️ health & dental care, life insurance
🏋🏽‍♀️ MyBenefit program (sports card, well-being program etc.)
🏦 special offer of banking services
🎓 LuxTalent platform (webinars, training, courses)
🎯 Employee Assistance Program, car leasing offer
...and more!
About the job
We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be part of the team working for various clients from huge Retailers, through aviation and manufacturing to producers of Whiskey. As a Data Engineer in our growing Data & AI Guild, you will support our clients in solving their challenges within data integration, DWH modelling and database optimisation. This position provides development opportunities in cloud technologies. If you like to have some space and independence, but also work in a Scrum team, then we are likely to cooperate.

Our technology and tools:
Azure
DatabricksAzure
Data FactoryAzure
SynapseAzure
SQL
Big Query
Python

Your daily work:
Delivering Business Intelligence projects, including data ingestion and transformation; DWH modelling and development; sql queries optimisation and data visualization.
Taking part in each step of development - from requirements gathering until deployment to the production.
Working in a way that uses the best practices of Scrum and other agile methodologies.
Cooperating directly with clients.
Working both on your own and as a team member.


Must-have skills & experience:
5 years of experience
Data processing
Data modelling principles
MS SQL Server or other relational db's
Azure Data Factory
Analysis Services/Tabular
Synapse Analytics
Spark/Databricks
Python/PySpark
Snowlake knowledge would be an asset


Why it is worth joining us:
We provide an opportunity to participate in various projects within the data and AI domain.
Each of us has 8 days for their personal upskill. This time is just for you to learn a new skill or hone the ones that you already have.
We deliver data solutions for various clients from the aviation domain, huge retailers, e-commerce, whisky manufacturers.
Data & AI is an important area at Objectivity. Our team consists of over a dozen experienced Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Data Analysts and Architects.
We implement solutions involving AI applications - some interesting examples include: counting the size of a herd of sheep on satellite photos (http://bit.ly/3bobPL2), or a recommendation engine for a recruitment company (https://bit.ly/3s8erUd).
We design architectures of analytical solutions that allow clients to process much larger volumes of data and increase analytical capabilities. These solutions are often based on cloud services (Azure, AWS). You will have a possibility to learn all of them.
We welcome out-of-the box thinking and creativity, and we embrace the organisational culture of knowledge sharing and friendly help - we do our best to provide support, tools and work environment that you need to excel at what you do.
Other BI tools like Tableau, Microstrategy.

.and there are other benefits, which you can see below:
2317_Benefits_at_Objectivity (windows.net)
About the job
Job title: Software Developer

Job Details

Hours: Full Time

Location: Fully remote. This opportunity is open to you if you can legally work remotely from Malta, Sweden, Spain, Poland or Hungary.

Contract: Permanent

At Play’n GO we enjoy a flexible freedom to shape our own days. Everyone we hire is unique and every role we fill has certain performance expectations. The day-to-day challenges of work and life will be unique to you but our commitment to helping you find a balance will never vary.

From the GO

At Play’n GO our purpose is to entertain. Our pleasure is in working with people ready to make a difference that lasts. We are pioneers. We were the first entertainment supplier to recognise the potential of gaming on the GO and create the innovative mobile games which supercharged our industry and inspired our name. Today, Play’n GO is the leading gaming entertainment supplier to casinos in regulated markets the world over. And we are still growing.

With growth comes opportunity. This could be yours. Are you ready to help us face challenges and find solutions that get us both to the next level of excellence?

What The Role Entails

Some of the key responsibilities of our Software Developer will be:
Develop web applications and systems in various programming languages, utilizing industry best practices and standards
Implement and maintain support services for internal departments, could be to support and maintain regulatory requirements or to simplify internal processes to provide a more efficient way of working
Do technical analysis and design based on product requirements
Analyse and implement integrations within existing internal applications and tools
Analyse, troubleshoot, debug and optimize code
Contribute to improvements to the automation and continuous delivery process in order to improve quality and stability
Create technical documentation for reference, knowledge and information sharing
Provide support and working collaboratively to other teams and colleagues to ensure successful project outcomes
Keep up to date with the latest technologies and trends in web development and applying them where appropriate.
For you, this is more than a role as a Software Developer. This is an opportunity to see your talent, experience, and best ideas developed with the quality expected of an international leader in gaming entertainment.

What Knowledge/experience We Ask Of You
.NET C# (5 years’ experience or more)
.Net Core
Transact-SQL
Web services (SOAP/REST)
RabbitMQ and/or Kafka
Git
Backend development
Unit testing
A strong desire for continuous learning.
Good oral and written skills in English
Good problem solving skills and fast learner
It would be a plus if you have experience in:
Experience working with Distributed Systems
Microsoft Orleans Framework / Actor Model
AWS Cloud Development (or other cloud platform experience)
Container technology (Docker and/or AWS ECS)
NoSQL
Kibana/ElasticSearch
Configure CI/CD Pipelines (TeamCity & Octopus)
What’s in it for you?

If you feel great, you’ll do great. Our employees know that their package of benefits, activities, and initiatives are some of the most generous in the industry. From challenges to chill outs, the fun we share at play helps inspire excellence from the go.

Apply now to find out more. It’s your best move. This opportunity will remain open until we meet the right candidate.

GO for it.

We believe the way forward relies on well-regulated gaming and player safety. Our commitment to this sets the standard for our industry.

Read more at our TalentHub. Please note that the position will remain open until the right candidate crushes it.

Play’n GO is one of the largest entertainment suppliers of online slots to the worldwide casino industry. Our Play’n GO pioneers were the first in the industry to recognise and develop the potential of gaming on the GO.

At Play’n GO, if your talent and passion for excellence are anything like ours, you’re going to grow here. Our strong growth is thanks to talented people like you who are inspired to help each other succeed.

Connect with us and help us create entertainment that lasts.
About the job
Hiring: Software Engineer (Integration Ninja)
About the job
ASTEK Polska jest częścią dynamicznie rozwijającej się międzynarodowej Grupy ASTEK. Specjalizujemy się w outsourcingu kadry IT oraz realizacji projektów informatycznych. Zatrudniamy doświadczonych specjalistów dla liderów z obszarów bankowości, ubezpieczeń, telekomunikacji, hi-tech, farmacji i logistyki w Polsce i za granicą.

Obecnie dla jednego z naszych klientów z branży telcom poszukujemy osoby na stanowisko Python Developer with Quigis.

➟ Tryb pracy: 100% zdalnie
➟ Stawka: 700-1000 zł netto+VAT/dzień B2B, (oferujemy również Umowę o pracę)
➟ Język angielski: B1

Wymagane:
Analizy geoprzestrzenne Postgis
PostgreSQL - na poziomie zaawansowanym
Programowania: plpgsql, Python - na poziomie zaawansowanym
QGIS, QT, pyQGIS - na poziomie zaawansowanym
Analiza danych - na poziomie zaawansowanym

Dodatkowe atuty
Znajomość struktury sieci telekomunikacyjnej,
Znajomość środowisk Geodezyjnych
Znajomość rozwiązań webowych

👀 UWAGA 📣📣📣 Poleć znajomych i otrzymaj bonus do 7000 zł! Szczegóły: https://lnkd.in/ekFGuXyp 📣📣📣
About the job
A Career with Point72’s Technology Team

As Point72 reimagines the future of investing, our Technology group is constantly improving our company’s IT infrastructure, positioning us at the forefront of a rapidly evolving technology landscape. We’re a team of experts experimenting, discovering new ways to harness the power of open source solutions, and embracing enterprise agile methodology. We encourage professional development to ensure you bring innovative ideas to our products while satisfying your own intellectual curiosity.

Over the past 18 months, we have seen significant investment in the technology team, focused on the transformation of the Firm’s technology organization, into a world-class, cloud-first, technology group. During this time, the Global Macro business has expanded significantly, and as a result, we are expanding the Macro technology team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an exceptional team, in a major growth phase. We are looking for problem solvers who are passionate about delivering best in class technology.

What you’ll do

We are looking for a senior quantitative developer to work collaboratively with business users and quantitative strategists to build Python based analytics and research platform for Point72’s Global Treasury. This is a hands-on role for someone who has the experience and vision to build a next-generation Python platform for quantitative analytics leveraging open-source and cloud technologies.

In this role you will work across teams to build modern infrastructure and data architecture to support quantitative jobs and services for Treasury. Working primarily in Python, you will design and implement:
A modern quantitative library from ground up
Data architecture and visualization
APIs to interact with other systems
Optimization frameworks
Tools for exploring complex data sets and identifying hidden explanatory or predictive factors

What’s Required

We are looking for a senior quantitative developer with hands-on Python experience, strong abstract problem-solving ability, and working knowledge of building and deploying Python libraries in the cloud. Specifically, you will need:
A degree from a renowned institution in a quantitative field such as computer science, theoretical physics, pure or applied mathematics, or electrical engineering
Professional experience as a quantitative developer at a top tier investment bank, leading hedge fund, or as a machine learning engineer at a top tier technology firm
Working knowledge of best practices for Python packaging and environment management
Familiarity with Python libraries for quantitative data analysis and visualization as well as a dashboard / web frameworks such as Dash or Streamlit
Knowledge of TensorFlow and/or Mosek or similar optimization frameworks and tools is a plus
In addition to being comfortable and effective around investment professionals and senior management, success in the role will require natural adhesion to Treasury Quant team work ethics, quality standards, commitment to technical rigor while keeping delivery schedules, transparency, and reliability
Commitment to the highest ethical standards

We take care of our people

We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. When you work here, we provide:
Sports card
Private life insurance
Private medical and dental care, with vision allowance
Private pension scheme
Volunteer opportunities
Support for employee-led affinity groups representing women, people of color and the LGBT+ community
Business travel accident insurance
Employee assistance program
Educational assistance reimbursement

About Point72

Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent.

Our Warsaw office gives us access to world-class talent with a reputation for excellence and innovation. We’re looking to build an office of subject-matter experts whose fresh perspectives will help evolve our infrastructure and advance the capabilities of our teams. Learn more at http://point72.com/Warsaw
About the job
What's the role?

HERE is looking for a Software Engineer to join its fast-growing and highly motivated Platform Experience team. The Platform Experience is responsible for providing the enabling layers to the HERE Platform through services and tools to empower cutting-edge map compilation and sensor data processing.

As a Software Engineer, you’ll have fun working on distributed micro-services that manage thousands of stream and batch data processing pipelines running on hundreds of EC2 instances across multiple regions. Within the cross-functional team, you will help run the services on production with full control and responsibility. Your role encompasses defining and working on features and technical tasks in a self-directed fashion, supporting your colleagues with technical challenges, talking to stakeholders, designing, implementing, and documenting solutions as well as testing and reviewing your colleagues' work.

Who are you?

Must-have

Previous software development experience – your skills will help us to accommodate you to a desired job designation
Excellent applied skills in Java and/or Scala programming languages
Good knowledge of Kubernetes
Experience with AWS tools and services(EC2, S3, RDS, EMR)

Nice-to-have

Understanding of Big Data Frameworks (Apache Spark, Apache Flink)
Experience with CI/CD tools, with a preference to GitLab
Good knowledge of Python or/and shell scripting
Applied skills with Web Frameworks, with a preference to React and Angular

What do we offer?

Work on the development of high-scale services, managing thousands of data processing pipelines
Innovative and modern technologies
Truly international team of fantastic & talented people from 60+ countries worldwide, working from strong tech hubs located in Europe, US and Asia and multiple smaller locations
Flexible working hours & flexible approach for office vs. remote work
Medical cover for you and your family
Competitive salary plus yearly variable bonus
This role is eligible for Creative Tax Incentive scheme in Poland” or KUP (Autorskie Koszty Uzyskania Przychodu)
B2B contracts possible
On-call support is required in this role

Change is HERE. Apply Now.

As part of HERE Technologies employment process, candidates will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment screening process. This offer and any related claims are subject to the successful completion of a pre-employment screening. This will involve employment, education, and criminal verification if applicable.

At HERE we take it upon ourselves to be the change we wish to see. We create solutions that fuel innovation, provide opportunity and foster inclusion to improve people’s lives. If you are inspired by an open world and driven to create positive change, join us. Learn more about us.

Who are we?

HERE Technologies is a location data and technology platform company. We empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or a business optimize its assets to guiding drivers to their destination safely.

At HERE we take it upon ourselves to be the change we wish to see. We create solutions that fuel innovation, provide opportunity and foster inclusion to improve people’s lives. If you are inspired by an open world and driven to create positive change, join us. Learn more about us on our YouTube Channel.
About the job
Project Description:
Customized automation projects for BT to implement a flexible Network Management framework based on Juniper tools (proprietary) and other Open Source tools and technologies
Responsibilities:

Contribute to the high-level design and low-level design as code.
Working closely with the squad Solution Architects, understand the user requirements to create and update stories on Jira.
Participate and contribute to all sprint ceremonies - Sprint refinement, planning, daily scrums, demos, and retrospectives.
Participate and contribute to all the technical meetings with the customer teams and other relevant stakeholders.
Working in the squad, actively call out dependencies, risks and issues.
Input into the Program Control Board and any other governance forums.
Follow the Juniper Professional Services engagement and delivery processes.
Ability to work independently and remotely with limited supervision.
Excellent written & verbal communication skills.
Ability to handle multiple tasks, prioritize and meet the deadlines.
Flexibility to work with a wide range of stakeholders from different cultural backgrounds and time zones. Mainly CET/GMT. On ad-hoc bases with colleagues in the US (EST and PST)

Mandatory Skills Description:

Expertise in Yang
Expertise in OpenConfig
Expert in Jinja2
Experience in Python
Experience in Git
Experience in BDD
Experience in Ansible
Experience in CI/CD based SW development
Experience and knowledge of network environments (*mainly encompassing Cisco: BGP, ISIS, OSPF, VRF, MPLS etc)
Experience in Agile projects (Jira exposure would be good)

Languages:
English: C1 Advanced
About the job
Backend Developer
Near Future Opportunity
Fully Remote


Who are we?
We're a software development company building the world's Elastic Workforce, reinventing work and challenging the assumption that a local team = the best team.
We help businesses deliver technical projects better than ever before through our platform and on-demand Elastic Teams™.
What's in it for you? Our mission is to create freelance jobs with more benefits than permanent.
Want to know more? read: https://www.distributed.com/about
Backend Developer Exclusively joining our Elastic Team
As a Distributed Elastic Team Developer, you will gain access to the opportunity to be part of our projects delivering high-quality products.
If approved to join our community by qualifying through the assessment process, you will automatically be one of the individuals who could be considered for exciting customer-centric projects that we are currently engaged in for our clients.
Once on a project you will be working closely with teams of engineers, QAs, and designers, producing detailed specifications and writing the programme codes, testing the product in controlled, real situations before going live.
We're proud to have Enterprise companies like Capita and BT, BBC, NHS, Virgin, Money, BP, Master Card, Tesco and Suzuki select us for delivering user-centric products.
Our mission as an organization is to provide our community with access to the most exciting tech projects and to build a freelance career with us as we continue to scale as an organisation.
We're creating this opportunity for talents to be able to join our Elastic Team, and then later be moved to a project when the matching projects become live.
What we're looking for:
Hands-on expertise in REST, MySQL/PostgreSQL, WebSocket, MongoDB, Redis, etc
Proficiency in JavaScript, web stacks, libraries, and frameworks
Strong analytical and problem-solving aptitude skills.
Full stack dev with Messaging experience - specifically Pusher if possible - Messaging (app) experience is Key Skill. AWS/ API / Restful / JSON/Auth/dynamoDB etc.
React Native would be ideal.
More senior role with extended skill set from other back-end developer.

About us
Distributed is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. Employees and contractors, as well as prospective employees and contractors, will all be treated equally and fairly. Distributed is committed to ensuring no less favourable treatment is experienced by any current or prospective employee because of any of the protected characteristics under the UK Equality Act 2010 or equivalent local equality legislation.
By submitting your application you give us permission to store and use the information from your CV and your answers to application questions.
About the job
-This is a Hybrid/Remote role.
-This role requires 2 days onsite in Brussels, Belgium. Relocation OR weekly flights are provided.
-This role will be a full-time employed role through our Luxembourg partner (contracted to client).
-Our client is a large financial institution.
---------------
Squad Position Management Systems is looking for mixed functional/technical profile with strong AAA Application knowledge to join them. This knowledge of the AAA Core systems is indispensable and will be further trained on the job by our expert.
An agile team consists of a small group of people combining the required skills to design, build and test valuable elements within a limited timeframe.

As a member of the agile team, the DEV engineer applies several useful skills (analysis / design / development / testing / integration), which in combination with the skills of the other members of the team compose all required skills to deliver a product at the end of each sprint.
Function description
The DEV Engineer commits to help the team to deliver a product at the end of each sprint, surpassing his/her own specific knowledge domain in order to collaborate with the team members. The focus is on the completion of the sprint backlog, containing all elements that the team must deliver and of which the sequence has been determined by the Product Owner based on the added value for the (internal or external) client.
The DEV Engineer adheres to the scrum values (focused, committed, open, respectful, and courageous) and is able to closely collaborate with the team members. Knowledge sharing, open communication, continuous learning and commitment to deliver added value are key.

Language requirements
English (required)
Dutch
French

Required experience / knowledge - At least 3 years of relevant experience
Basic Linux knowledge from a DEV/OPS point-of-view (not System Administrator skills)
being able to use the most common OS-commands (move around, consult logs etc)
being able to execute / understand / read/write Linux Shell scripts (mostly Korn/Bash
Advanced SQL knowledge from a developer point of view (no DBA skills required)
Being able to understand/read/write complex queries in T-SQL-ASE Sybase Server (direct or in stored procedures)
Triple’A Core knowledge v19 :
Being able to read/write AAA scripting in the GUI and WUI : default values, input controls, screens, formats,….
Following the banks and squads standards to the letter

Preferred Experience
Basic JAVA knowledge, being able to read/write simple stand-alone programs.
Being able to understand/read/write complex queries in PL/SQL-Oracle (direct or in stored procedures)
Knowledge of Triple A GUI and WUI and Temenos Design Studio.
Knowledge of Triple A ODATA and Temenos Design Studio.
Security implementation (usage of certificates, vaults, …) in a major bank, not setup.
Liberty Base or IBM-WAS setups and configurations
Knowledge/Experience of versioning tools (GIT), usage only, not setup.
Knowledge of IBM WebSphere Transformation Extender (basic : read and understand maps)
Knowledge of Triple’A ‘s reporting tool : Actuate (OOP and Actuate Basic)
CTRL-M workload automation knowledge (defining schedules/jobs, manage dependencies)
Any of the following middle-ware from a DEV/OPS point-of view : Kafka, MQ-Series, CFT

Mandatory Business Experience
Knowledge of agile methodology
Strong functional interest of the Invest activities of a major bank
Preferred Business Experience
Knowledge of the Invest activities for Portfolio management of clients in a major bank
Basic knowledge of financial instruments

Soft skills
excellent analysis skills
team spirit
efficient communication skills
ambitious towards the targets of his/her squad
agile values: focused, committed, open, respectful, courageous
promote continuous improvement (market evolutions, working methods, …) to improve delivery speed of software and hardware, and to improve operational quality
Flexible as on call work can be required
About the job
About project:

Project uses Harman OTA product which is responsible for Software Update Management. The Software Update Management set of capabilities brings a holistic set of features to HARMAN’s market facing solutions that guarantee all connected devices will be securely and successfully managed over time, regardless of the network protocol, device platform or operating system. The HARMAN Smart Delta-based Update Generator and Installer have been used in more than 2 billion connected devices across industries to continuously keep devices relevant with efficient, failsafe and secure software updates. Project is in the Delivery department which works between R&D and Support departments. Every customer has his dedicated solution customized by Delivery and based on a product solution delivered by R&D department. Our main business site is in Israel where R&D centres are in Poland, Japan and China.

What You Will Do:

At HARMAN, we combine passion and purpose to deliver smart products, systems, software and services that connect people wherever they are. This position is in the OTA Solution- Remote Vehicle Updating over-the-air (OTA) solutions for the world’s leading automotive brands. These solutions help keep drivers safe and save car manufacturers millions of dollars. Currently we are seeking for a C engineer to join our Delivery team. You will:

Change generic product tailoring it for specific customers.
Implement features according to requirements and document them according to Aspice process.
Cooperate in an international team from all over the world (multicultural, timezone varying)
Implement multiplatform client side (in C) of a client-server architecture

What You Need:

BSc. in Computer Science or equivalent.
At least 4 years in C/C++ development (the product is written mainly in C and some Java for Android).
Experience with: Linux is a must.
Experience with: Git is a must.
Experience with: GNU toolchain is a must.
Development of network applications (TCP/IP).
Experience with HTTP/webservices.
Knowledge about network applications security.
Experience with Android.
Python basic knowledge.
CMake basic knowledge.
Independent, experienced in learning new environments quickly, experienced in working under pressure and meeting deadlines.
Direct communication with project managers, solution managers and team leaders.

What We Offer:

Work in international project team with the biggest worldwide automotive customers
Merit bonus
Training on the job and technical trainings
Further development opportunity
Remote approach on daily basis (we like to meet each other once a week in the office, but this is not a must)
Business trips to Israel (for eager people)
A great package of additional benefits such as:
flexible working time,
private healthcare (LuxMed),
Mybenefit cafeteria,
employee discounts on HARMAN products (JBL),
game room,
and much more…
About the job
Are you looking for a hybrid or remote work opportunity? Are you interested in a workplace that allows for flexibility in your day? Are you ready for a workplace that provides benefits that suit your needs?

Text IQ is a Top 100 AI company trusted by the world's largest enterprises, including Honeywell, AstraZeneca, Intel, Boehringer Ingelheim, BASF, and Cardinal Health. With a re-imagined approach to identifying, managing and mitigating risk in enterprise data, Text IQ's pioneering AI technology uncovers 90% of sensitive information at a 75% reduction in cost and time. Enterprises, law firms, and government organizations have used Text IQ's AI to identify and protect sensitive and confidential information, reduce risk, elevate their privacy programs, and create fair and inclusive workplaces. Read more about Text IQ on TechCrunch, VentureBeat, Fortune, Forbes and Axios.

Recently , Text IQ joined forces with Relativity, a unicorn and leading data platform, which has more than 300,000 users in over 49 countries and serves thousands of organizations globally—primarily in legal, financial services and government sectors, including the U.S. Department of Justice and 198 of the Am Law 200. By joining hands with Relativity, we are excited to realize our shared vision of helping customers organize their data, discover the truth, and act on it. We're looking for a senior software Engineer to join our PrivilegeIQ Engineering team. Come work with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications!

We're looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Privacy IQ Engineering team. Come work together with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications! This role reports to Maxine Chan - Engineering Manager.

Your role in action

Improve and scale our complex distributed data processing pipeline
Create tools to automate and optimize processes across disciplines
Actively participate in the on-call schedule to investigate and fix production issues
Participate in code reviews
Focus on quality through comprehensive unit and integration testing

Your Skills

4+ years of experience writing high performant, production-quality code
Proficiency in Java or Python
Familarity with Azure or similar cloud infrastructure
Able to debug, diagnose, and resolve production issues
Experience with Linux command-line and system administration basics
Experience with Docker
Enjoys mentoring new hires and junior developers
Obsession with software quality and empathy for customer experience

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in Computer Science or related fields
Experience building AI-powered products that utilize Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with distributed processing technologies: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka
Exposure to NoSQL database systems: MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch

If you don’t meet 100% of the above qualifications, you should still seriously consider applying.

Relativity is a diverse workplace with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they're empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.

Benefit Highlights

Comprehensive health plan

Flexible work arrangements

Two, week-long company breaks per year

Unlimited time off

Long-term incentive program

Training investment program

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
About the job
Job Summary

Our corporate activities are growing rapidly, and we are currently seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our Information Technology team. The Senior Software Engineer position will work on a team focused on our core clinical systems as well as internal applications. Strong attention to detail, innovation, and implementation of new technologies are highly valued.

To meet our global and innovation demands, Medpace is rapidly growing our software development footprint beyond the US. To support our growth, we are expanding our existing office in Warsaw to build our first non-US development center. This is an incredible opportunity to join, contribute, and shape a new team, while also being a part of a large, fast-growing organization. Our custom software is a key component to our success. You will be joining an organization where your contribution makes a significant impact in positively impacting people's lives, as new treatments and therapeutics are developed.
We kindly ask that you submit applications in English.

Responsibilities
Collect, analyze and document user requirements;
Design, modify, develop and support software applications;
Participate in software validation process through development, review, and/or execution of test plan/cases/scripts;
Create software applications by following software development life-cycle, which includes requirements gathering, design, development, testing, release, and maintenance;
Communicate with team members regarding projects, development, tools, and procedures;
Utilize skills in development areas including object oriented programming (C#), databases (SQL) web applications (ASP.NET);
Potential opportunities to lead software development projects.

Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science;
At least 5 years of software development experience using technologies such as C#, Angular, Webservices, GraphQL, Git, relational databases;
Experience in Entity Framework, Azure DevOps is advantageous;
Understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and software release management;
Prior experience modernizing systems to a cloud-based platform (Azure) is a plus;
Excellent analytical, written and oral communication skills in English.

Medpace Overview

Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO). We provide Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its scientific and disciplined approach. We leverage local regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system, anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, employing more than 5,000 people across 40+ countries.

Why Medpace?

When you join Medpace, you become part of a team dedicated to supporting the development of ground-breaking drugs and devices. Our employees provide hope for those living with debilitating diseases. We invite you to be a part of something that is impacting millions of people around the globe while enjoying a competitive total compensation and benefits package and internal growth opportunities. In addition, this will give you an opportunity to be a part of something special. You will have a direct impact of growing and developing Poland's NEW IT location.

Refer to our video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CkoP71PDl8 to see how you can make a difference within Medpace IT.

Organic Growth: Medpace is continuing to grow in all areas globally and has built an expansive research campus at its headquarters in Cincinnati, OH. As we grow our operations in Poland and across the continent, the Warsaw office will become our Europe IT hub which will be instrumental to the success of Medpace.

Perks
Employment contract with a global full-service clinical contract research organization;
Great salary package;
Tax-Deductible Costs/Creative Tax – claim deductible costs, reducing your income tax;
Local and global professional development opportunities, supported by Pluralsight platform;
Hybrid work-from-home options and flexible work schedule;
Modern office;
Medical and sport packages.

Awards:
Medpace historically named a Top Workplace
Recognized by Forbes as one of America's Best Mid-size Companies in 2021
Medpace ranks amongst top CROs for site ratings across all 10 important attributes including CRA training, preparation & organization, accessibility of staff, open communication, and ensuring timely drug availability
Continually recognized with CRO Leadership Awards from Life Science Leader magazine based on expertise, quality, capabilities, reliability, and compatibility
Ranked in the top 10 on the 2021 LinkedIn Top Companies list in Cincinnati

What to Expect Next:

A member of our recruitment team will review your qualifications and, if interested, you will be contacted for an interview.

EO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vets
About the job
As a Senior Software Engineer You Will
Specify, design and implement complex systems in game development process
Write high quality source code
Work with Technical Director and production on planning and direction of work of the code team
Encourage the best code design practices
We Need You To Have
Excellent code design skills
Shipped at least 1 AA/AAA title
Experience in planning and scheduling work for a code team
Expertise in C/C++ (7y minimum) in PC and/or console programming
Excellent communication skills (in English)
You Will Also Need To
Think critically and apply analytical skills in resolving complex issues
Author technical designs and best practices
Mentor less experienced programmers
What We Offer
Possibility to work on one of 40+ titles (AA+ and AAA) that Sumo group is developing
Developing games in a crunch-free environment with very experienced colleagues in an open and respectful culture
Competitive Salary
Flexible forms of employment
Fully transparent Annual Bonus Plan for everyone
50% tax relief for creative work
Employee Referral Bonus
Lux Med Platinum healthcare family package (highest available & fully covered)
Office working/partly remote/fully remote
Flexible working hours
Clear Career Paths
5 paid Learning Days a year for self-development
Access to 4,000 Udemy Courses and GDC Vault
English group classes and/or 121 meetings with the teacher
Team-driven initiatives (PAG Plays, team-building events, charity engagement)
Development initiatives (Life Drawing, Game Jams)
Mental health support activities (Yoga Classes, Well-being webinars)
The best working tools of your choosing- a powerful workstation or a top gaming laptop
Relocation package
Home -office perks (ergonomic gaming chairs, adjustable desk)
...and much more
Can you spare us another 30 seconds?

Great, let's talk about ourselves quickly. We're ambitious game enthusiasts who are well prepared to both have fun and work hard. We aim high, but we do not lose ourselves in the pursuit of success and further achievements. We love to learn! And over the years in the industry, we have learned that the best games are created by qualified, rested, treated with respect game developers.

Importantly, our work culture has been built on the basis of specific, true (and respected by us) values. The most important of these is "We never lie", so you can be sure that we have not overdone this announcement. We play by our own rules and we make games that we would like to play ourselves. We combine the game development world with best software delivery practices to make it more predictable and reliable. All this helps us to bring fun back to game development! Will you help us?

Where do we stand on diversity?

We hope to bring together a diverse team of people with various backgrounds and experiences, who will bring broader ideas, new perspectives, and different solutions to our table. Whoever you are, feel welcome and encouraged to apply.
About the job
Are you a tech professional looking for remote work in a global setting? If yes, this job is for you.

Welcome to EPAM Anywhere - a global job platform offering remote work opportunities in the technology sector. Join us to build a career around your lifestyle working on modern projects for global brands and exciting startups.

Currently, we are looking for a skilled remote Senior Python Developer who will help with moving transforms of analytics events from AWS Lambda into a Python service.

The customer is an American mobile game studio and creative company. It makes dot games for android mobiles.

Responsibilities

Moving transforms of analytics events from AWS Lambda into a Python service

Requirements

3+ years of production experience
Knowledge of Python - D2 and greater
Ability to write structured and well tested code
English B1+

Nice to have

Experience in AWS Lambda
Experience in AWS Firehose
Understanding of typing in Python (we use mypy and don't allow code without type definitions)

Technologies

EPAM tools - Atlassian (Jira/Confluence), Jenkins, GitHub, Sonar, ReportPortal, MS Teams and Slack

We offer

Discounts on health insurance, sport clubs, shopping centers, cinema tickets, etc.
Stable income
Flexible roles
100% remote work forever
EPAM hardware
EPAM software licenses
Access to offices and co-workings
Stable workload
Relocation opportunities
Flexible engagement models
Free trainings for technical and soft skills
Free access to LinkedIn Learning platform
Language courses
Free access to internal and external e-Libraries
Certification opportunities
Skill advisory service

This is a remote position and we welcome applications from anywhere in Poland

In case you are not a citizen of Poland, in order to successfully apply to this position you need to have work and residence permit in Poland

We accept CVs only in English.

This vacancy implies contract engagement.

Once you apply, you'll receive a confirmation email with a link to EPAM Anywhere platform. Sign up with this link to automate your prescreening, be able to monitor your application statuses, and enjoy a faster job application process.

Please note that even though you are applying for this position, you may be offered other projects to join within EPAM Anywhere.

EPAM Anywhere is a part of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM). Since 1993, EPAM has leveraged its advanced software engineering heritage to become the foremost global digital transformation services provider.
About the job
LivePerson (NASDAQ:LPSN) is a customer engagement company, creating digital experiences powered by Curiously Human AI. Every person is unique, and our technology makes it possible for companies, including leading brands like HSBC, Orange, and GM Financial, to treat their audiences that way at scale. Nearly a billion conversational interactions are powered by our Conversational Cloud each month.

You'll be successful at LivePerson if you are excited to build something from the ground up. You excel by finding daily opportunities to grow at the same pace as the technology we're building, and you build partnerships that improve our business. Likewise, you're someone who sees feedback as a chance to learn and believe decisions powered by data are the norm. You care about the wellbeing of others and yourself.

Overview

We are looking for an experienced developer to join our team as a Software Development Engineer (Java/Node.js) as part of our Access Control & Authentication Team. While most of the team members are based in Israel, we're "work from anywhere" and have several team members working from remote locations. You will be part of a team that owns the entire User Management system along with taking part in other Security Engineering related tasks. You will be part of the Global Product and Technology unit and would help to build services that are used by our largest customers.

You Will
Contribute end-to-end to the product engineering lifecycle from frontend to the backend, including testing & automation, QA, CI, DevOps, and managing the production services.
Use expert Java/NodeJS knowledge to build new features, maintain the platform's stability at LivePerson's scale
Scale our current system to serve 10x traffic in the next 12 months with important uptime over >99.999%.
Improve architectural decisions and hands-on development, including inception, design, execution, and delivery following good design and coding practices.
Increase software, databases, queries, and processes – and induce a progressive mindset of excellence and improvements.
Produce and inspire high-quality, well-tested code that is easy to read and maintain.
Use the latest technologies for our customers at a massive scale.
Focus on production readiness including Root Cause Analysis, Testing, Monitoring, Reliability and Documentation
Contribute to the team's on-call rotation to improve incident coverage.
You Have
BA/B.Sc. in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent professional experience
3+ years of development experience in Java and SpringBoot
3+ years of experience in developing backend services in SaaS products
Experience in Node.JS
Experience with large-scale distributed microservices architecture, AWS/GCP
Experience with RESTful and GraphQL APIs
Hands-on with CI/CD, monitoring, observability, and production readiness
Enthusiastic about the end customer experience
Experience with globally distributed teams in multiple time zones
Familiarity with frontend frameworks (micro frontends a plus)
Benefits
Health: medical, dental, and vision
Time away: 28 vacation days
Development: Native AI learning
Additional: Food Vouchers, monthly phone and internet allowance.
Why You'll Love Working Here

Your will be supported. We love team members who chase down their big ideas, become experts, help colleagues, and own their work. These four company values guide our continued, holistic growth as individuals, as teams, and as a global organization. And to further make our point, let's just say we're very proud to be on Fast Company's list of Most Innovative Companies and Newsweek's list of most-loved workplaces.

Belonging At LivePerson

At LivePerson, people from diverse backgrounds come together to make an impact and be their authentic selves. One way we share and connect is through our employee resource groups such as: Live In Color, LP Proud, and Women In Tech. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law.

We are committed to the accessibility needs of applicants and employees. We provide reasonable accommodations to job applicants with physical or mental disabilities. Applicants with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should inform their recruiting contact upon initial connection.
About the job
At CNH Industrial we're building the world's most intelligent precision farming platform and applications to provide data-based services to our customers and partners on top of data gathered from machines (IOT), sensors and satellite/public sources. Our technology is revolutionizing agriculture and changing the lives of farmers and agribusinesses globally. We are a close knit team of digital innovators, committed to delivering cutting-edge solutions to help farmers feed the world.

This position will be responsible for developing Android/Linux common core software components and data infrastructure for touchscreen displays used on agriculture and construction equipment.


YOUR KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, implement, and maintain common core software components that integrate with CNHI display applications.
Improve application runtime performance on CNHI displays through software refactor, memory optimization, and data infrastructure.
Analyze and root cause software issues found internally and externally.
Participate in code and design reviews.
Design and execute unit tests.
Help define requirements and evaluate technical feasibility of implementation.
Estimate effort for software deliverables.
Contribute innovative ideas to improve the overall software architecture on CNHI displays.
Travel is less than 10%.

YOUR KEY COMPETENCES AND QUALIFICATIONS:
Required:
• Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
• Minimum 5-7 years of experience in each of the following:
Software development using C/C++ or Java.
Software unit and integration testing using automated frameworks such as Google Test, JUnit, Pytest, or similar.
Developing software within multiple source code repositories including change management.
• Minimum 3 years of experience in each of the following:
Integrating Android or Linux applications with custom or off-the-shelf libraries available for common tasks.
RESTful APIs to connect Android or Linux applications to back-end services.
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.
Android or Linux application development and integration experience.
Android or Linux build tools: Gradle and Maven.
Android or Linux specific inter-process communication mechanisms.
Android or Linux-based UI design principles, patterns, and best practices.

Preferred:
Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
Experience with Android camera APIs and media processing.
Familiarity with OpenGL ES.
Understanding of Google's Android design principles and interface guidelines.
Automotive / Commercial Vehicle experience.
Understanding of Automotive networking protocols such as J1939, CAN, LIN, XCP, UDS, ISOBUS.
Experience with V-Model and Agile Software Development Processes.
Experience with Software Engineering tools such as DOORS, Polarion, JIRA, CANalyzer/CANoe, CANdela, Android Studio/IntelliJ, Git, Gerrit, Jenkins.
Experience with Python scripting and automated testing.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in English, both written and verbal.

WE OFFER
Working in a multinational team
Exposure to modern technologies
Good working environment, career opportunities
Flexible working hours, hybrid system of work
Annual bonus
Other benefits
About the job
Are you looking for a hybrid or remote work opportunity? Are you interested in a workplace that allows for flexibility in your day? Are you ready for a workplace that provides benefits that suit your needs?

Text IQ is a Top 100 AI company trusted by the world's largest enterprises, including Honeywell, AstraZeneca, Intel, Boehringer Ingelheim, BASF, and Cardinal Health. With a re-imagined approach to identifying, managing and mitigating risk in enterprise data, Text IQ's pioneering AI technology uncovers 90% of sensitive information at a 75% reduction in cost and time. Enterprises, law firms, and government organizations have used Text IQ's AI to identify and protect sensitive and confidential information, reduce risk, elevate their privacy programs, and create fair and inclusive workplaces. Read more about Text IQ on TechCrunch, VentureBeat, Fortune, Forbes and Axios.

Recently , Text IQ joined forces with Relativity, a unicorn and leading data platform, which has more than 300,000 users in over 49 countries and serves thousands of organizations globally—primarily in legal, financial services and government sectors, including the U.S. Department of Justice and 198 of the Am Law 200. By joining hands with Relativity, we are excited to realize our shared vision of helping customers organize their data, discover the truth, and act on it. We're looking for a senior software Engineer to join our PrivilegeIQ Engineering team. Come work with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications!

We're looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Privacy IQ Engineering team. Come work together with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications! This role reports to Maxine Chan - Engineering Manager.

Your role in action

Improve and scale our complex distributed data processing pipeline
Create tools to automate and optimize processes across disciplines
Actively participate in the on-call schedule to investigate and fix production issues
Participate in code reviews
Focus on quality through comprehensive unit and integration testing

Your Skills

4+ years of experience writing high performant, production-quality code
Proficiency in Java or Python
Familarity with Azure or similar cloud infrastructure
Able to debug, diagnose, and resolve production issues
Experience with Linux command-line and system administration basics
Experience with Docker
Enjoys mentoring new hires and junior developers
Obsession with software quality and empathy for customer experience

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in Computer Science or related fields
Experience building AI-powered products that utilize Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with distributed processing technologies: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka
Exposure to NoSQL database systems: MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch

If you don’t meet 100% of the above qualifications, you should still seriously consider applying.

Relativity is a diverse workplace with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they're empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.

Benefit Highlights

Comprehensive health plan

Flexible work arrangements

Two, week-long company breaks per year

Unlimited time off

Long-term incentive program

Training investment program

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
About the job
The Role: Lead Python Developer

The Team

Building on our unrivalled coverage of the economic, industry and risk landscape, we enable clients - large and small - to identify growth, plan accurately and navigate uncertainty. We partner with companies to help them identify new trends, size growth opportunities, monitor risk and opportunity ratios, conduct market assessments, plan for alternate scenarios, and secure their business continuity. Our solutions enable clients to better allocate resources, capitalize on change and build an integrated, enterprise-wide approach to economics and risk.

The Impact & What’s In It For You

As a lead Python developer, you will set a high bar for code quality and architecture decisions for all Python software developed by the Economics and Country Risk Data Engineering team. Successful candidates should have a proven track record of delivering high quality results on projects that have made a meaningful impact. Ideally in the data science, analytics or statistics domain.

In this role, you will provide technical guidance to improve the performance of the Data Engineering function. You will work on tools that have a real and immediate commercial impact and will have the opportunity to contribute to the building of complex and interesting prediction and forecasting models. You will work with large data sets ranging from point geo-coded intelligence events through to national level economic time series. You will interact with some of the world’s best economists and risk analysts, plus you will be part of a high-performing team of smart and dedicated engineers with a good engineering culture in place.

Potential candidates must be comfortable in a modern software engineering environment. Version control, CI and CD pipelines, cloud-native tech stacks, unit testing, clean code and good documentation are our daily tools. An interest in machine learning, economics, statistics, or political risk is beneficial but not required.

Responsibilities
Set a high-quality example for all Python-related data science / analytics code.
Take a lead part in guiding our system architecture and code quality.
Improve various CI/CD pipelines to take a more ‘pythonic’ view of the code.
Contribute code to the core Data Engineering libraries, which include work on a range of data science tool and statistical models and methods.
Develop and extending the existing ETL processes on which most Data Engineering work is deployed.
Contribute meaningfully to the code review process for Python.
What We’re Looking For
Qualification in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related
3+ years professional experience, ideally with Python as the primary language
Must have experience using version control, issue trackers and related tooling
Must have experience conducting high quality Python code reviews
Should have some relational database experience and, at least, a passing knowledge of document stores
Should have some experience with numpy, scikit-learn, pandas and related.
Should have good communication skills
Advantages for some experience using AWS, Azure, GCP etc.
Advantages for some experience in any of economics, risk, or statistics
This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires

Equal Opportunity Employer

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only: The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), ANLYTC202.1 - Middle Professional Tier I (EEO Job Group)

Job ID: R25716

Posted On: 2023-05-15

Location: Gdańsk, Poland
About the job
We are Wunderman Thompson Technology - a group of talented engineers, tech experts, and creators who combine our passions and contribute to the IT world. You may know us better as Cognifide or Mirum – in 2020, we changed our names, but at the same time, we remained a great team of people who deliver our best. We design, build, manage and run complex technology platforms and help our clients to benefit from our work and creativity.

Technologies we work with:
Languages & frameworks: Java – Spring, Micronaut, RestAPI, GraphQL> Python, JavaScript, Bash
Build systems: Gradle
CI/CD: Jenkins, GitHub Actions
Infrastructure & middleware: Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, RabbitMQ, Redis
Cloud: Azure , AWS
Frontend: React, vanilla JS
Testing: JUnit 5, Cypress, REST Assured
Maintenance: New Relic
Non-relational databases

What you'll get to do:
Be an important part of platform team who is responsible for implementing and maintaining Brand Guardian: https://www.wundermanthompson.com/brand-guardian
Be responsible for all aspects on the code side of the platform – implementation, code review, unit and integration testing, performance, security - to ensure proper quality
Be open to contribute in solution architecture design of our products and services
Work in diverse, interdisciplinary, agile team (~6-8 people) and develop products and services for customers like: Coca-Cola, BP, Dell
Support other engineers
Do production deployments along with monitoring of performance and security
Shape our products and services and how our customers use them
Use modern tools and approaches to deliver software efficiently
Take part in internal initiatives that combine business and technology (open-source projects, hackathons, R&D)

What you should have:
4+ years of professional development experience in Java
Experience in Azure
Understanding and experience in modern web architecture
Independence in coding and problem solving
Analytical thinking
Proactiveness, team player attitude, continuous improvement mindset
Openness to new technologies and approaches

Bonus Points if you know:
Typescript

What we offer:
Salary depending on presented skills: 16 000 - 21 000 PLN gross (Contract of Employment) or 18 000 - 23 000 (B2B). choose the employment type that works best for you
Annual bonus dependent on company profit
Budget for training and development (conferences, certifications, workshops and other), internal knowledge-sharing initiatives
Hybrid work style and flexible working hours - you can work from home, from our offices, or mix your work plan
Additional paid days off as an anniversary reward
Cafeteria system (MyBenefit) and Lunch compensation (Pyszne.pl vouchers)
Private healthcare for you and your family (Luxmed VIP package)
Group insurance and travel insurance
Co-financing your holidays, kindergarten, Multisport Plus, and others
Referral Program – you can receive up to 10 000 PLN gross for employee recommendation
English lessons during work hours
Office and online integration events and team building activities
Internal knowledge sharing and team initiatives (hackathons, lightning talks, mentoring, team and company-wide retreats)
Support from your first days at WTT - a designated mentor who will support you through your whole career at WTT
Work equipment tailored to your needs with delivery to your door
We are a part of Wunderman Thompson. Learn more about our Polish offices on dedicated social media: Facebook WT Tech Poland, Instagram WT Tech Poland.
About the job
Here at JPMorgan Chase & Co., we know that people want great value combined with an excellent experience, from a bank they can trust. So we launched a new digital bank called Chase - to revolutionise mobile banking by creating seamless digital journeys that our customers love. For us, that means keeping ourselves customer obsessed and always being open to trying new things. Above all, it's about working with people who are passionate about building the bank of the future.

Our team is at the heart of building this new venture, focused on developing offerings that put the customer at the center. We have created a new organization and we are looking for solution-oriented, commercially minded, customer-focused individuals, used to working in an agile environment who want to be a part of building something new from the ground up within a diverse and inclusive team.

Culture is as important to us and we are looking for intellectually curious, new technology passionate individuals who would like to expand their skills whilst working on a new exciting venture for the firm. Your work will have a massive impact, both on us as a company, as well as our clients and our business partners around the world.

This is a hands-on role for a senior back-end engineer whowants to be part of flat-structure organization. The responsibilities are to deliver end-to-end cutting-edge solutions in the form of cloud-native microservices architecture applications leveraging the latest technologies and the best industry practices. You are expected to be involved in the design and architecture of the solutions while also focusing on the entire SDLC lifecycle stages.

Your Technical Skills Should Include

Qualifications in computer science or STEM related field (science, technology, engineering or mathematics) or foreign equivalent
Professional experience working in an agile, dynamic and customer facing environment
Recent hands-on professional experience (actively coding) as a back-end engineer
Recent experience with using a JVM language (Java/Scala/Kotlin, preferably Java 8+)
Understanding of distributed systems and microservices architecture
Understanding of RESTful APIs and web technologies
Understanding of relational databases
Desired - understanding of cloud technologies (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.)
Desired - understanding of dependency injection frameworks (Spring / Spring Boot, etc.)
Desired - understanding of security frameworks / standards
Desired - understanding of data streaming and messaging frameworks (Kafka, Spark, etc.)
Desired - understanding of distributed tracing and monitoring (Zipkin, OpenTracing, Prometheus, ELK stack, Micrometer metrics, etc.)
Desired - understanding of containers (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, etc.)
Experience in all the stages of software development lifecycle (requirements, design, architecture, development, testing, deployment, release and support)
Desired - experience in automating deployment, releases and testing in continuous integration, continuous delivery pipelines
A solid approach to writing unit level tests using mocking frameworks, as well as automating component, integration and end-to-end tests

Your Soft Skills Should Include

Ability to work in a collaborative environment and coach other team members on coding practices, design principles, and implementation patterns that lead to high-quality maintainable solutions.
Ability to work in a dynamic, agile environment within a geographically distributed team
Ability to focus on promptly addressing customer needs
Ability to work within a diverse and inclusive team
Technically curious, versatile and solution oriented
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
n innovative culture

When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech companies. In 20 technology centers worldwide, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $10B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will are transforming the financial services industry.

At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.

J.P. Morgan offers an exceptional benefits program and a highly competitive compensation package.

J.P. Morgan is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

# ICBCareer #ICBCareer #ICBEngineering

J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world's most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
About the job
Software Engineer Backend is required for a European leading computer software company based in Poland. My client is one of the world’s leading providers of telematics solutions for fleet management, vehicle telematics and connected car services. Their Software Engineers learn, share and experience what it means to deliver and maintain products that are used by hundreds of thousands of drivers Expect deep code dives, a lot of Java as well as working with relational and non-relational databases.

Responsibilities
Share ideas for new features and collaborate with our product management - be creative. Your ingenuity and commitment matter to us.
Create and nurture complete functional groups while having an eye on the platform’s scalability.
Develop, implement, test and demonstrate new features within an agile process.
Understand how to improve usability, performance and quality assurance.

Requirements
You are enthusiastic about new technology and microservice architecture as well as a quick learner.
You have experience in full-stack Java development and in working with modern backend technologies and tools.
You have a common understanding of data bases.
You know how to connect and to communicate on interpersonal level with different stakeholders.
Polish Speaking is essential.

What Can You Expect
The chance to work in a fast moving, innovative and international team, dealing with different countries and cultures. Decisive actions. They don’t like to wait. It’s in their DNA to move forward. So, it only makes sense that they don’t jam the company with lots of layers. They make things happen quickly.

This is an exciting opportunity for a Backend Software Engineer to join a European leading computer software company based in Poland. Please apply with your CV if interested.
About the job
Job Requisition ID #

23WD69287

Position Overview

Autodesk is looking for a Software Engineer to join our Generative Design and Simulation team in Krakow, who is enthusiastic about building innovative solutions which combine desktop applications, web clients, and cloud services.



We are developing highly advanced JavaScript applications, embedded in C++ desktop products, dedicated to delivering, browsing, analyzing, and processing of simulation results. For this position, we expect proficiency in JavaScript, but our technical stack is much wider, offering multiple ways to enrich your technical skills. The variety of problems that we solve provides an opportunity for professional development in multiple technologies (Node, React, C++, Go, Python, Docker, etc.) and areas, like designing effective UI, 3D graphics, efficient data models, multi-service architectures, CPU/GPU programming, computational algorithms, depending on individual preferences. All of this wrapped in a friendly atmosphere, full of experimenting and creative collaboration, with agile principles in mind.



If the above feels like the place for you to develop professionally, check what we have to offer and join our diverse team. We guarantee you will not get bored!



Responsibilities
Participate in the development, architecture, and implementation of the application.
Produce clean, effective, secure, maintainable, and well-documented code.
Be accountable for the features you are developing, from coding to delivery.
Unit test, debug and solve defects in implemented software solutions.
Align with teams across functions and offices to achieve successful technical design and implementation.
Actively participate in code reviews.
Conduct and contribute to technical discussions.


Minimum Qualifications
Experience developing web applications with React.
Experience in JavaScript/HTML/CSS.
Familiarity with software architecture practices.
BS in Computer Science or related technical field
Excellent communication skills; communicative English.
Teamwork attitude.
Openness to innovative technologies.


Preferred Qualifications
Masters in computer science or related technical field.
2+ years of working experience in Software Development.
Working experience with languages like C++, Go
Familiarity with WebGL and 3D graphics programming
Experience with Docker technology.
Experience developing web applications with a Node.js backend.
High interest in architecting and developing cloud solutions.
At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world. Autodesk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic. We also consider for employment all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Are you an existing contractor or consultant with Autodesk? Please search for open jobs and apply internally (not on this external site). If you have any questions or require support, contact Autodesk Careers.

Salary is one part of Autodesk’s competitive package. Offers are based on the candidate’s experience and geographic location. In addition to base salaries, we also have a significant emphasis on discretionary annual cash bonuses, commissions for sales roles, stock or long-term incentive cash grants, and a comprehensive benefits package.



With Autodesk software, you have the power to Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes in the way things are designed, made, and used. It’s disrupting every industry: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your opportunity. Our software is used by everyone - from design professionals, engineers and architects to digital artists, students and hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and make a better world.
About the job
WHAT IS BOX?

Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

Today, Box powers over 100,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud. Our Warsaw office is an incredibly exciting addition to our EMEA expansion. We're already in UK, France, and Germany, and the new Poland location will act as a global engineering and product development hub alongside our headquarters in Redwood City, California.

About The Team

Many of the worlds largest enterprises rely on Box to securely store their content, and we are helping to unlock the potential of their content through the development of additional core capabilities, like Box Relay. We are expanding Relay with additional features and supporting products.

Our Workflow team, based in Poland and in the US, work closely together to delight our users by enabling them to automate routine tasks. Our products save users time and deliver results in consistent manner. As our team in Poland continues to grow and take on building new product, we are looking for a seasoned engineer who can own large components of system and work independently. In this role, your work will impact millions of users, who use Relay to get their work done on a daily basis.

Mandatory Requirements
Ideally 5+ years of professional software development experience.
Proficient with strongly typed Object-Oriented programming language.
Experience with relational and NoSQL databases.
Knowledge of RESTful API design.
Assess, communicate and complete project milestones with manager and team members in a time sensitive manner.
Must speak English proficiently.
Requirements That Are Welcome
Good knowledge of Java 11+, Spring boot 2, Gradle, Git, OpenAPI v3 specification.
Experience with messaging infrastructure - RabbitMQ, Kafka or similar technologies.
Knowledge of relational and NoSQL database design.
Experience with container technology, Kubernetes, service mesh (Istio)
Full stack experience with React is nice to have.
Experience with PHP is nice to have.
Candidate will be expected to
Compose written specifications and documentation for software projects.
Plan and effectively execute on project and quarterly deliverables.
Maintain documentation on development setup and engineering environment along with the greater team.
Attend and engage in weekly stand ups, team meetings, manager 1 1s.
Work collaboratively with other engineers, team members and across teams.
Play a role in developing and fostering Box culture in the newly created office.
Represent Box Poland internally and externally.
Percentage of Time Spent
55% coding
10% documentation
20% bug fixes
15% meetings
Methodology
Agile management - Scrum
Issue tracking tool - Jira
Knowledge repository - Confluence
Code reviews - GitHubEntreprise
Version control system - GIT
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.

For more details on how Box Poland protects your information, please see our Supplemental Personnel and Candidate Privacy Notice.
About the job
Why N-able

We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Cove Data Protection product engineering team. Cove Data Protection is a cloud-first backup solution with a multi-platform client and server side for managed services providers, IT departments of the large enterprises.

You will work in the international teams that develop Disaster Recovery services and will be responsible for developing new features related to long-term strategic initiatives, hardening and scaling existing functionality.

The product includes a web-based UI that allows manipulating thousands of backup devices and customers, managing their configuration, displaying backup/restore statistics in the form of tables and charts. It is backed by services written in C++ and .Net that provide JSON RPC and REST APIs and are deployed to Amazon Kubernetes

We rely on automated testing to maintain our product stability – e2e, integration and unit-tests are an important part of our development workflow. We use regular code review processes to increase code quality; dynamic REST, JSON API, JSON RPC and GraphQL to empower our API.

We are looking for a self-motivated, result-driven individual with good sense of detail, communication skills and the ability to work independently as well as a part of a team.

What You'll Do
Develop features through multiple software layers
Design new components and APIs in line with existing architecture
Help in defining and delivering valuable, usable and automatically testable user stories
Supports building frameworks and tools to streamline development activities
Support the code by writing automated tests
Work on application performance improvements and tuning
Troubleshoot, debug and isolate issues, propose solutions
Prepare technical documentation

What You'll Bring
Solid understanding of development processes, ability to write quality-oriented, efficient code
Understanding of the fundamental design principles behind scalable applications
Knowledge of the design principles like SOLID, TDD, etc.
Knowledge of C#/.NET, Angular
Expert skills in ECMAScript, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3
Experience with automated testing (unit, integration, E2E tests)
Understanding of the relational databases and SQL, object-relational mapping
Understanding of the networking terms, concepts, protocols, security

Purple Perks
Medical for employees, partner and dependents - fully covered for employees!
Generous PTO and observed holidays
2 Paid VoluNteer Days per year
Employee Stock Purchase Program
PPK with company-contribution
FuN -raising opportunities as part of our giving program
N- ablite Learning – custom learning experience as part of our investment in you
The Way We Work – our hybrid working model based on trust and flexibility

About N-able

At N-able, Inc. (NYSE: NABL), we are a global software company that turns IT possibilities into capabilities. That means we partner with technology leaders who support companies around the world by offering secure infrastructure and tools to navigate their evolving IT needs. We build strong relationships with our customers to help them thrive at every stage of growth, and at the heart of this effort is our network of N- ablites —a global team of extraordinary, diverse creators who are dedicated to making a difference in how our partners do IT.
About the job
Job Req Number: 66852

Time Type:

PLEASE REMEMBER TO CLICK "APPLY" BUTTON AFTER SAVING YOUR PROFILE TO COMPLETE YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS.

The Digital Enterprise Transformation department in DSV Global IT is looking for an experienced Back-end Developer to collaborate with business and IT to deliver real value.

Digital Enterprise Transformation is a department responsible for developing and operating modern products, in line with DSV’s digital strategy. Our purpose is to generate direct business value for DSV’s business divisions by building advanced end-to-end products.

The unit operates with a start-up mindset and comprises cross-functional product teams with a mix of early-career and highly experienced colleagues. Our decision-making approach prioritizes knowledge and insight over hierarchical structures and emphasizes collaboration between individuals with diverse competencies.

Digital Enterprise Transformation is responsible for creating the next generation of digital products at DSV. As a Back-end Developer, you will report to the Technical Product Owner of the specific product you're assigned to and work closely with other developers, data scientists, ML engineers, DevOps engineers, and business experts worldwide to design DSV's future digital experiences. We have several products you could be part of developing, and one of them could be ‘Digital Cargo’, which is an enterprise solution that enables a standardized process for collecting weight and measurement in cargo data, processing that data and updating various connected TMS systems.

Play your part in the development of secure, scalable, and high-quality products with innate fault tolerance

Your responsibility will be to build, test, and deploy the software using our standard CI/CD pipelines as well as building micro services for processing data, reading/writing to the database, exploring data to other applications, and more.

Additionally, you will be responsible for:

Using the architectural patterns that are relevant for a specific context such as event-based data streaming, request-response web services, file transport jobs, and more.
Making sure that relevant logs are created, are understandable, are shared with our central logging platform, and that the necessary alerts are setup.
Testing your software from a functional, quality, fault-tolerance, performance, and scalability perspective.
Building security features into the solution such as federated authentication and authorization, role-based access control, and similar.
Engaging in a “guild” for backend developers to share knowledge, technical patterns and ways of working across product teams.

Using the right technology

We imagine that you have a broad experience with as many of the technologies we use, and the most important ones are:

Backend applications: Mostly coded in Java
Event streaming: Confluent Kafka (KStreams etc.)
Database technologies: Mostly MongoDB Atlas (and some PostgreSQL)

Other technologies:

Version control: Azure DevOps
CI/CD Pipelines: Jenkins, Argo, AzureDevOps
Requirements: Jira
Documentation: Confluence
Authentication: OIDC, OAuth2, SAML
Containerization: Docker
Container orchestration: Kubernetes
Logging, monitoring & Alerting: ELK stack

Explore learning and development opportunities in a dynamic IT organisation

In Global IT, we enable the business to grow through organic growth and an active acquisition strategy, through well-thought out technological and digitalised solutions. We are one DSV and in Global IT this means we think and breathe enterprise solutions that benefit all areas of DSV. Our solutions are integrated with both customers and suppliers and in a world of change, this enables us to continuously optimise our customers’ supply chains and support efficient workflows for our colleagues and DSV as a whole.

Global IT is a global department consisting of more than 2,300 colleagues across the world. Technology is our bread and butter, but we are not only investing in technology, we also invest in our people. Because of our size and global presence there are truly an unlimited number of opportunities to forward your career. If you like challenges and a constantly changing environment, Global IT is the place for you.

What we offer:

Employment contract
Private medical care
Comprehensive onboarding program
Buddy
Modern eco-office
Canteen
Comfortable ergonomic office
Scandinavian work culture
Internal training catalog
Culture of feedback
Internal transition program
Holiday gifts
Sport groups
Bike parking
Work-life Harmony

DSV – Global transport and logistics

DSV is a dynamic workplace that fosters inclusivity and diversity. We conduct our business with integrity, respecting different cultures and the dignity and rights of individuals. When you join DSV, you are working for one of the very best performing companies in the transport and logistics industry. You’ll join a talented team of more than 75,000 employees in over 80 countries, working passionately to deliver great customer experiences and high-quality services. DSV aspires to lead the way towards a more sustainable future for our industry and are committed to trading on nature’s terms.

We promote collaboration and transparency and strive to attract, motivate and retain talented people in a culture of respect. If you are driven, talented and wish to be part of a progressive and versatile organisation, we’ll support you and your need to achieve your potential and forward your career.

Visit dsv.com and follow us on LinkedIn , Facebook and Twitter .
About the job
Are you looking for a hybrid or remote work opportunity? Are you interested in a workplace that allows for flexibility in your day? Are you ready for a workplace that provides benefits that suit your needs?

Text IQ is a Top 100 AI company trusted by the world's largest enterprises, including Honeywell, AstraZeneca, Intel, Boehringer Ingelheim, BASF, and Cardinal Health. With a re-imagined approach to identifying, managing and mitigating risk in enterprise data, Text IQ's pioneering AI technology uncovers 90% of sensitive information at a 75% reduction in cost and time. Enterprises, law firms, and government organizations have used Text IQ's AI to identify and protect sensitive and confidential information, reduce risk, elevate their privacy programs, and create fair and inclusive workplaces. Read more about Text IQ on TechCrunch, VentureBeat, Fortune, Forbes and Axios.

Recently , Text IQ joined forces with Relativity, a unicorn and leading data platform, which has more than 300,000 users in over 49 countries and serves thousands of organizations globally—primarily in legal, financial services and government sectors, including the U.S. Department of Justice and 198 of the Am Law 200. By joining hands with Relativity, we are excited to realize our shared vision of helping customers organize their data, discover the truth, and act on it. We're looking for a senior software Engineer to join our PrivilegeIQ Engineering team. Come work with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications!

We're looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Privacy IQ Engineering team. Come work together with a dynamic group of talented professionals focusing on revolutionizing AI and its applications! This role reports to Maxine Chan - Engineering Manager.

Your role in action

Improve and scale our complex distributed data processing pipeline
Create tools to automate and optimize processes across disciplines
Actively participate in the on-call schedule to investigate and fix production issues
Participate in code reviews
Focus on quality through comprehensive unit and integration testing

Your Skills

4+ years of experience writing high performant, production-quality code
Proficiency in Java or Python
Familarity with Azure or similar cloud infrastructure
Able to debug, diagnose, and resolve production issues
Experience with Linux command-line and system administration basics
Experience with Docker
Enjoys mentoring new hires and junior developers
Obsession with software quality and empathy for customer experience

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in Computer Science or related fields
Experience building AI-powered products that utilize Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with distributed processing technologies: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka
Exposure to NoSQL database systems: MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch

If you don’t meet 100% of the above qualifications, you should still seriously consider applying.

Relativity is a diverse workplace with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they're empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.

Benefit Highlights

Comprehensive health plan

Flexible work arrangements

Two, week-long company breaks per year

Unlimited time off

Long-term incentive program

Training investment program

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
About the job
Job Description

Are you excited about working with cutting-edge network technologies?

Are you someone who enjoys coding in C++ language?

Join our Networking Software Team-

We're a small, dedicated team of engineers (up to 10 people - Software Developers + QA engineers) based in one timezone (Poland). All our project decisions are local (within the team). We have the cutting edge hardware equipment available in the local LAB in the Krakw office. We are following the latest industry trends in Networking and we encourage researching new technologies.

Partner with the best

Working as a member of our team you will be developing software (C/C++17, Python3, Bash) for routers and switches serving our growing platform of 360,000 servers in more than 135 countries. You will be able to test your software on the latest hardware in our LAB (networking ASICs, Ethernet 100G/400G, Traffic Generators).

As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for-

Creating new features from scratch, enhancing and optimizing existing functionalities
Working on a full software development lifecycle from concept and design through development, testing, deployment and monitoring
Cooperating with local QA team to come up with the best way to cover new changes to our software
Maintaining and enhancing our internal infrastructure (Jenkins, Grafana, Git, LAB monitoring)
Researching new networking standards and technologies- RIFT, optical networking (DWDM), large scale IP fabrics, Streaming Telemetry

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will-

Have experience in C and C++ development
Be familiar with Computer Networking (switching, routing, TCP/IP)
Be familiar with Linux, bash scripting
Have good English skills, both verbal and written

Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like!

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life-

Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!

Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.
About the job
Pearson

At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. With a rich heritage that combines 150 years of experience in publishing with the latest learning technology and digital services, we help people learn whatever, wherever and however they choose.

Role Overview:

Do you want to be part of the biggest digital transformation in the EdTech and help people around the world to learn languages and realize their dreams?

This position is on a team that develops and maintains candidate-facing web and mobile e-commerce solutions that are designed to serve a global user base. We also offer API products that integrate and support several client applications and platforms to support our customers’ diverse workflows. There is a continuous stream of complex and challenging work with a direct impact on the candidate's experience.

We are looking for passionate and driven Back-End Software Developer who flourish in a highly collaborative environment where they can think creatively, challenge the status quo, be surrounded by like-minded people and innovate both products and processes.

The Senior Software Developer Will

Design, develop, and maintain scalable, stable, clean, efficient and testable code based on requirements and following Pearson coding standards and industry best practices
Build fresh software components, integrate software components and third-party programs
Collaborate with stakeholders to imagine, assess estimates, design, develop, test, recommend improvements and launch software that impacts our customers
Perform peer code reviews and provide feedback on code quality and maintainability
Drive continuous improvement of software quality, customer experience, and maintainability of products/features
Mentor and train new team members; actively collaborate with others within and outside of the team
Work in an Agile full life-cycle development environment

Qualifications & Skills

5+ years overall software development experience with well-rounded Back-End engineering skills
Proven track-record of experience in customer facing Web Application development with .NET Framework with at least 2+ years of experience in .NET Core projects
Strong orientation on Web Services, RESTful APIs and headless
Experience using AWS technologies at scale in a production environment such as API Gateway, CodePipeline, CDK, AppSync
Experience with MongoDB or any NoSQL databases, SQL scripts, data modeling and database design
A high-quality bar: test-driven development, automated testing, test results analysis and troubleshooting to ensure code quality, responsiveness and efficiency
Experience with CI/CD pipelines (i.e., Jenkins) and Git/Bitbucket
Experience communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, deliver technical designs, and documentation.
Experience taking a lead role developing complex software systems that have successfully been delivered to customers

Benefits Of Working At Pearson

Development and training: a wide access to internal learning platforms and development plan
Access to Pearson+: Pearson´s digital library
Flexible work schedule

What To Expect From Pearson

Did you know Pearson is one of the 10 most innovative education companies of 2022?

At Pearson, we add life to a lifetime of learning so everyone can realize the life they imagine. We do this by creating vibrant and enriching learning experiences designed for real-life impact. We are on a journey to be 100 percent digital to meet the changing needs of the global population by developing a new strategy with ambitious targets. To deliver on our strategic vision, we have five business divisions that are the foundation for the long-term growth of the company: Assessment & Qualifications, Virtual Learning, English Language Learning, Workforce Skills and Higher Education. Alongside these, we have our corporate divisions: Digital & Technology, Finance, Global Corporate Marketing & Communications, Human Resources, Legal, Strategy and Direct to Consumer. Learn more at We are Pearson.

We value the power of an inclusive culture and also a strong sense of belonging. We promote a culture where differences are embraced, opportunities are accessible, consideration and respect are the norm and all individuals are supported in reaching their full potential. Through our talent, we believe that diversity, equity and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant place to work. People are at the center, and we are committed to building a workplace where talent can learn, grow and thrive.

Pearson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of E-Verify. We want a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. All employment decisions are based on qualifications, merit and business need. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status or any other group protected by law. We strive for a workforce that reflects the diversity of our communities.

To learn more about Pearson’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce, navigate to: Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at Pearson.

If you are an individual with a disability and are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career site as a result of your disability, you may request reasonable accommodations by emailing ppsmhr@pearson.com.

Note that the information you provide will stay confidential and will be stored securely. It will not be seen by those involved in making decisions as part of the recruitment process.

Job: TECHNOLOGY

Organization: English Language Learning

Schedule: FULLTIME

Req ID: 11553
About the job
💜 Are you ready to become one of the Luxofters? 💜

Benefits we offer:
👩‍⚕️ LuxMed health insurance (dental care & travel insurance included), life insurance
🧗🏻‍♀️ MyBenefit program (Multisport card or Multikafeteria)
💸 Paid referrals (also for external referrers)
👨‍💻 Remote work (or hybrid, depends on your needs), flexible working hours
🌎 Global relocation and Internal Mobility Program (switching between projects, locations)
🎓 LuxTalent platform (webinars, training, courses, paid certificates)
... and many more! 💥

Contract type:
Contract of employment

Working type:
Remote


Project Description
We invite passionate engineers to join our Market Risk Technology Team. Our mission is to build a robust middle-office Market Risk platform to calculate Internal Stress Testing, Federal Stress Testing Scenarios, Value at Risk (VaR), and Risk Theoretical Profit and Loss (RTPL).
The platform we are developing is not directly for traders but primarily serves risk managers, financial controllers, and regulatory bodies. Its primary function is to provide accurate, timely, and reliable risk measurements and evaluations.

Responsibilities
- Risk Calculation Development: Design, develop, and implement new risk calculation methods using Python. Apply your quantitative skills to model complex financial instruments and risk scenarios.
- System Enhancement: Enhance the existing risk system by identifying areas of improvement and introducing innovative solutions. Your mathematical and programming skills will be crucial in developing more efficient and effective ways to calculate and present risk.
- Collaboration: Work closely with risk managers, financial controllers, and other stakeholders to understand their needs and incorporate their input into the risk system. This will involve translating complex financial concepts and requirements into effective software solutions.
- Testing and Validation: Conduct thorough testing and validation of the risk calculation methods to ensure accuracy. This will involve creating tests, running simulations, and analyzing the results to validate the calculations.

Skills
Must have
- Extensive experience with Python programming (5+ years), including a strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
- Mathematical Aptitude: Strong mathematical background, preferably with a focus in quantitative finance, statistics, or a related field. Ability to model and solve complex mathematical problems related to financial risk.
- Financial Knowledge: Understanding of financial concepts and risk management principles. Knowledge of "Greeks", VaR, Derivative products
- Problem-Solving Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with an ability to think creatively to develop solutions to complex problems.

Nice to have
- Investment Bank experience
- PySpark
- Java

Languages
English: B2 Upper Intermediate

Seniority
Senior



HR-14280974
About the job
About Cribl
Cribl unlocks the value of observability data.
Our products deliver choice and control over the rising volumes of telemetry data, enabling every organization to realize the value of all their observability data without limitation. Backed by the industry’s leading venture capitalists, including CRV, Sequoia Capital, Greylock Partners, Redpoint Ventures, and IVP, our solutions are deployed across organizations of all sizes. Many of the biggest names in the most demanding industries trust Cribl to solve their most pressing observability needs.
At our core, we foster an inclusive, values-aligned culture where all belong. We believe in a remote-first operating model, empowering the flexibility to do your best work, wherever you are. We’re also growing rapidly, welcoming collaborative, curious, and motivated team members who are passionate about putting customers first.
Check out our recent announcement on closing our Series D funding!
Join the herd and unlock your opportunity.
About The Opportunity
In this role you will be working closely with Product and Operations teams, along with other business functions, while collaborating with your direct team to own and deliver end-to-end features and functionality to your users. As a Software Engineer you bring a wealth of experience, wisdom, and plenty of patterns to help your team build towards the best outcomes. Join our expanding team in Poland! Your team will be small but nimble and approach problems together with an iterative and incremental mindset. You will have the opportunity to take product related challenges and requirements and own the design, implementation, and rollout with the help and support of your team.
What You'll Accomplish:
Help define and refine the software development practices that make our team effective
Write clean, maintainable, and testable code with an eye towards observability and resilience
Coach and empower the less senior engineers on your team to help them level up and own larger epics
Work with cross-functional team members and stakeholders to decide on the vision and scope of your product area
Work with Management, Product Engineering, and Operations to plan and forecast quarterly goals that include a mix of tech debt, bug fixes, and new features
Champion the entire software development lifecycle from requirements and design to testing, deployment, and production support/monitoring
Take on new adventures across the full-stack as we continue to push Cribl Cloud forward
Share on-call and take part in team that embraces a model of service ownership
What you'll Bring:
Must be able to write clean, maintainable, and testable code (Node.js/TypeScript)
Experience in complex development environments, especially in large-scale highly available distributed systems and SaaS platforms
Experience in developing resilient and scalable backend services on any major cloud provider, preferably AWS
Experience developing RESTful API's and interfaces that are secure and intuitive
Knowledge of data structures, algorithms, linux, and distributed systems
Knowledge of secure web development practices with troubleshooting complex application workflows and performance tuning
Experience using assertion frameworks and tools like Mocha, Cypress, Jest to automate regression checks
You are self starter, minimal supervision and track record of learning quickly
Cares about details and is dedicated to elegant and high quality software
Preferred Qualifications:
You enjoy making Engineers successful and are fulfilled through the success of others
In-depth experience with CI/CD pipelines such as BitBucket, Jenkins, CircleCI, etc
Broad range of experience implementing various cloud design patterns
Experience with serverless / lambda based implementations
No fear! Speak your mind
Good jokes, or maybe better, bad jokes
A love for goats
Comfortable working remotely
Bring Your Whole Self
Diversity drives innovation, enables better decisions to support our customers, and inspires change for the better. We’re building a culture where differences are valued and welcomed. We work together to bring out the best in each other. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.
About the job
Roles: Senior Java & Python Engineer
Location: Wroclaw / Gdansk

Project Description:
Financial Services Cloud practice for many years has been providing digital solutions for our clients and building scalable, secure, and experience-oriented systems. We transform applications into more modern approaches, like microservices, and introduce green field ideas by choosing the best technology and architectural stack.
We cooperate with European banks and financial institutions. Our clients come from the national and commercial sectors.

Hundreds of our employees explore the broad financial world creating new payment solutions, trading platforms, systems for financial risk calculations, or banknote transport optimization. We also have the opportunity to implement innovative Big Data platforms and blockchain technology.

We are involved in every stage of software development, so we maintain high software development standards and good practices. We use Agile methodology (Kanban, Scrum, and SAFe) and Cloud-based technologies (like AWS, Azure, and GCP). We code a lot in Java, and .NET and use DevOps tools to deliver automated environments. We also leverage JavaScript, Kotlin, and Python programming languages in our projects.

Join us if you like to see how the digital world becomes a reality :)
Your daily tasks:
Designing and developing Java/Python-related features.
Working with Azure Cloud (Azure, App Service, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Kubernetes, Azure Databricks, Azure ADF, Azure Data Lake Storage), microservices, and containerization (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
Focusing on the quality standards – e.g., by using TDD, delivering good unit test coverage.
Cooperating with the Scrum Master and the development team to assure that clients’ needs are covered.
Opportunity to take part in out-of-project activities – for e.g., supporting our recruitment processes as an interviewer, and taking part in department initiatives.

Frequently used technologies:
Java
Spring
Python
Azure Cloud (Databricks, ADF, Data Lake Storage)
MS SQL Server
No SQL
Maven
Linux
GIT
Our expectations:
Hands-on experience with Java & Python development.
Experience in designing REST API interfaces and implementing RESTful services, as well as designing databases using SQL and NoSQL databases, e.g., Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Cosmos DB, DynamoDB.
Experience with microservices architecture and cloud-based solutions (preferably Azure).
Ability to write clean code in accordance with modern programming standards (TDD approach, code reviews, unit testing).
Fluent English.

Nice to have:
- Experience with Azure data services: Databricks, ADF, Data Lake Storage.
About the job
Ready to be a Titan?

ServiceTitan is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to help us build the next generation of our platform. We build for product excellence, use the most modern tools on Microsoft .NET platform, have an amazing culture, and love to solve complex problems. If you share the same values, you might find yourself in perfect company!

You will be primarily responsible for designing and implementing new features for the support automation components that are used as part of our product. This will primarily involve working in C# with some Javascript. You will work with Product, Design, and Quality Assurance to develop scalable, rock-solid, production ready features. You will be expected to iterate rapidly while delivering high-quality output.

What You'll Do:

Architect, design, and implement user-facing features end-to-end.
Work with product managers, designers, and engineers to prototype and implement product features.
Communicate effectively with other engineers, product managers, customers, and partners.

What You'll Bring:
5+ years of industry experience
Expert-level knowledge of:
Microsoft .NET technology stack (C# / .NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web APIs) and SQL databases (Microsoft SQL Server or any other)
Experience creating or maintaining JSON Web APIs backed by relational databases in any strongly-typed back end development framework. Should be comfortable with MVC, Dependency Injection and ORM concepts
Experience building and maintaining complex web applications
Experience with core, framework agnostic JavaScript
Experience with Javascript SPA client-side frameworks (React, Angular, etc) is a large plus
Ability to use a data-driven approach for product decisions.
Strong communication and technical writing skills
Experience with Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, Visual Studio, JIRA, and other tools that are typically used by developers on Microsoft technology stack

Be Human With Us:

Being human isn’t about checking every box on a list. It’s about the experiences we have, people we meet, and the perspectives we share. So, if you have the skills but are hesitant to apply because of your background, apply anyway. We need amazing people like you to help us challenge the conventional and think differently about the problems that we’re solving. We’re in this together. Come be human, with us.

What We Offer:

When you join our team, you’re not just accepting a job. You’re making a career move. Here’s how we’ll support you in doing some of the most impactful work of your career:

Flextime, recognition, and support for autonomous work: Flexible time off with ample learning and development opportunities to continue growing your career. We offer a comprehensive onboarding program, leadership training for Titans at all levels, and other programs and events. Great work is rewarded through Bonusly, peer-nominated awards, and more.
Holistic health and wellness benefits: Company-paid medical, dental, and vision (available to employees and their dependents day 1), parent and siblings’ insurance, pet insurance, wellness benefit, office massage, etc.
Support for Titans at all stages of life: Parental leave and support, on demand maternity support through Maven Maternity, financial planning tools, Employee Assistance Program services, and more

At ServiceTitan, we celebrate individuality and uniqueness. We believe that the convergence of fresh perspectives and experiences from all walks of life is what makes our product and culture so great. We strongly encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. We do not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
About the job
Are you looking for a hybrid or remote work opportunity? Are you interested in a workplace that allows for flexibility in your day? Are you ready for a workplace that provides benefits that suit your needs?

The role will implement, maintain, and improve the infrastructure used by development teams. The role will provide delivery process automation as well as work with engineering teams to provide them with guidance and prioritization in the infrastructure automation and optimal usage. The role will provide support and tools to development teams.

The Web Hosting Team

Web Hosting team is responsible for the delivery of a stable platform used for handling content to customers and allowing them to run their extensions to the system. High performance of the solution directly impacts customer experience and is critical for the organization. Team takes care about the whole lifecycle of the solution from the design to sunset. It is responsible for constant monitoring and improvements of the solution as well as preparing the transition to new technologies.

Responsibilities

The Engineer is responsible for delivering results for the Product Development department by:
Contributing to an Agile team that solves complex challenges and builds working software
Producing high-quality code fast
Being a dependable and highly skilled development resource for peers
The Engineer performs the following functions, in addition to others, in the administration of their position:
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures.
Encourages pair programming to communicate design knowledge throughout the scrum team
Thinks out loud- talks about design thoughts all the time
Provide development expertise to team members through education and review
Always open to new ideas and encourages innovative practices amongst peers
Works collaboratively with QA professionals to encourage defect prevention over detection
The Engineer may be required to handle technical support calls after hours at least four times a year. If Client Services is working on a ticket and they are not able to solve an urgent issue, they will reach out to the level I developer to assist to get the issue resolved.

Your Skills

5+ years of software development of commercial-grade systems and applications with a proven track record of building and leading successful engineering teams
Excellent Knowledge of new technology trends and its applications for new products in the marketplace.
Excellent Knowledge of Azure cloud and operations, Web pages servers and hosting technologies
Object-oriented programming skills
Knowledge of scripting languages (esp. Power Shell) and automation tools (Jenkins)
Experience with Infrastructure as a Code
Strong Problem-Solving skills
Strong teamwork and partnering skills for cross-group collaboration
Strong leadership skills, ability to perform under the pressure and deliver technical solutions
Good communication
Full knowledge of and adherence to SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) standards and best practices
Knowledge of Agile Project Development Methodologies

Relativity is a diverse workplace with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they're empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.

Benefit Highlights

Comprehensive health plan

Flexible work arrangements

Two, week-long company breaks per year

Unlimited time off

Long-term incentive program

Training investment program

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
About the job
GlobalLogic Poland is looking for a new team member for developing a software solution that allows you to evaluate the Wi-Fi environment, predict the level of user satisfaction, and take measures to improve it.
Our client is one of the largest multinational telecommunications and media conglomerates in the USA and the project is mostly focused on new development and extension of its WiFi solution, especially the WiFi Mesh network.
Wi-Fi Mesh systems allow you to achieve full coverage of an entire house or a large apartment and provide seamless roaming. Our team is participating in the first open-source implementation of the EasyMesh standard designed to unify devices from different manufacturers.

Job responsibilities

work as a part of the C & Linux-Embedded team to develop reliable and scalable WiFi solutions
actively participate in software design and code reviews
work independently with good problem-resolving skills

Requirements

3+ years of strong technical knowledge of C, Networking and Embedded Linux
awareness of WLAN, and Ethernet drivers
TCP/IP, switching & routing, Ethernet, and Bridging is experience
software development experience using Git
ability to work within tight deadlines
self-motivation with analytical thinking and good attention to details

Nice to have
development experience in WiFi Technology
experience with RDK-B/Yocto/OpenWrt


What We Offer

Exciting Projects: With clients across all industries and sectors, we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining products using the latest technologies.
Collaborative Environment: You can expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open, laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!
Work-Life Balance: GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance, which is why we offer flexible work schedules.
Professional Development: We develop paths suited to your individual talents through knowledge exchanges and professional certification opportunities.
Excellent Benefits: We provide our employees with competitive compensation and benefits.
Fun Perks: We want you to feel comfortable in your work, which is why we create a good working environment with relaxed zones, host social and teambuilding activities and stock our kitchen with delicious teas and coffees

About GlobalLogic

GlobalLogic is a leader in digital engineering. We help brands across the globe design and build innovative products, platforms, and digital experiences for the modern world. By integrating experience design, complex engineering, and data expertise—we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital businesses. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive, communications, financial services, healthcare, life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, semiconductor, and technology industries. GlobalLogic is a Hitachi Group Company operating under Hitachi, Ltd. (TSE: 6501) which contributes to a sustainable society with a higher quality of life by driving innovation through data and technology as the Social Innovation Business.

GDPR consent

Recruitment for this and similar positions in GlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company, is constantly open. In order to apply and give GlobalLogic your consent to process your personal data for the purpose of such recruitments press the “Apply” button below. More details on how we process your personal data and what are your rights can be found in EU & UK Recruitment Privacy Notice (https://www.globallogic.com/eu-recruitment-privacy/). Remember that you can withdraw your consent anytime, for example by sending an e-mail at privacy@globallogic.com
About the job
Hello!

We are looking for an experienced Python Developer. Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health care thats both accessible to people and sustainable for providers. By redesigning how care is delivered and expanding options to make it more affordable, we can meet the growing need for mental health care and measurably improve more lives.

Requirements:
Minimum of 3 years of experience with Python.
Your advantage will be knowledge of the gRPC library.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field
Very good knowledge of English

100 % remote

20 days of paid holidays

Training budget

Medical healthcare

If the offer seems interesting for you-let's talk with us! - e-mail: marta.szymik@hireone.io
About the job
In Software Development Team we work with the newest, bleeding edge embedded technologies. We develop products integrating modern application processors with open source software like Linux or Zephyr. The work often includes designing the entire system architecture, choosing proper software technologies, implementing missing software elements and integrating them together.

As a team member you will develop software for embedded devices like device drivers, operating system adaptations or control applications. In everyday work you will use Linux and develop for Linux or other open source operating systems. You will be encouraged to automate your workflow with scripting whenever possible. You will be responsible for writing automated tests and Continuous Integration scripts for validating the software you create.

Requirements
Bachelor or Master degree in computer science, electronics or related fields
good understanding of computer architectures and programming
knowledge or willingness to learn Linux kernel development (and other open source operating systems)
expertise with C/C++
knowledge of Linux and its internals
experience with bash, git, gcc, make
experience with Python and / or other scripting languages is welcome
good command of English
ability and willingness to learn and work as part of a team
full-time employment only (no B2B, no agencies)
valid work permit for Poland/European Union

If you meet the listed criteria and want to join our team, hit the Apply button or fill in the application form at https://antmicro.com/about/careers/software-engineer-wroclaw/apply/

If you are still studying full-time, but wish to apply for the position in the future, you can start by applying for an internship - fill in the relevant form at https://antmicro.com/about/careers/

We reserve the right to reply only to selected applications.

Please include the following in your CV:

"Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27th April 2016, I hereby consent to the processing of personal data included in my job offer for the purpose of the present, and future, recruitment by Antmicro Ltd."

Applicants have the right to withdraw their consent, demand the data controller (Antmicro Ltd, ul. Zwierzyniecka 3, 60-813 Poznań, Poland) to provide access, rectify, delete and limit processing of their personal data, as well as the right to object against the processing thereof and to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. It is mandatory to provide data in the scope defined by the provisions of the Polish Labour Code (Act of 26th June 1974), while the failure to do so will prevent the applicant from participating in the recruitment. Providing additional personal data is voluntary.
About the job
Job Req Number: 66851

Time Type:

PLEASE REMEMBER TO CLICK "APPLY" BUTTON AFTER SAVING YOUR PROFILE TO COMPLETE YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS.

The Digital Enterprise Transformation department in DSV Global IT is looking for an experienced Back-end Developer to collaborate with business and IT to deliver real value.

Digital Enterprise Transformation is a department responsible for developing and operating modern products, in line with DSV’s digital strategy. Our purpose is to generate direct business value for DSV’s business divisions by building advanced end-to-end products.

The unit operates with a start-up mindset and comprises cross-functional product teams with a mix of early-career and highly experienced colleagues. Our decision-making approach prioritizes knowledge and insight over hierarchical structures and emphasizes collaboration between individuals with diverse competencies.

Digital Enterprise Transformation is responsible for creating the next generation of digital products at DSV. As a Back-end Developer, you will report to the Technical Product Owner of the specific product you're assigned to and work closely with other developers, data scientists, ML engineers, DevOps engineers, and business experts worldwide to design DSV's future digital experiences. We have several products you could be part of developing, and one of them could be ‘Digital Cargo’, which is an enterprise solution that enables a standardized process for collecting weight and measurement in cargo data, processing that data and updating various connected TMS systems.

Play your part in the development of secure, scalable, and high-quality products with innate fault tolerance

Your responsibility will be to build, test, and deploy the software using our standard CI/CD pipelines as well as building micro services for processing data, reading/writing to the database, exploring data to other applications, and more.

Additionally, you will be responsible for:

Using the architectural patterns that are relevant for a specific context such as event-based data streaming, request-response web services, file transport jobs, and more.
Making sure that relevant logs are created, are understandable, are shared with our central logging platform, and that the necessary alerts are setup.
Testing your software from a functional, quality, fault-tolerance, performance, and scalability perspective.
Building security features into the solution such as federated authentication and authorization, role-based access control, and similar.
Engaging in a “guild” for backend developers to share knowledge, technical patterns and ways of working across product teams.

Using the right technology

We imagine that you have a broad experience with as many of the technologies we use, and the most important ones are:

Backend applications: Mostly coded in Java
Event streaming: Confluent Kafka (KStreams etc.)
Database technologies: Mostly MongoDB Atlas (and some PostgreSQL)

Other technologies:

Version control: Azure DevOps
CI/CD Pipelines: Jenkins, Argo, AzureDevOps
Requirements: Jira
Documentation: Confluence
Authentication: OIDC, OAuth2, SAML
Containerization: Docker
Container orchestration: Kubernetes
Logging, monitoring & Alerting: ELK stack

Explore learning and development opportunities in a dynamic IT organisation

In Global IT, we enable the business to grow through organic growth and an active acquisition strategy, through well-thought out technological and digitalised solutions. We are one DSV and in Global IT this means we think and breathe enterprise solutions that benefit all areas of DSV. Our solutions are integrated with both customers and suppliers and in a world of change, this enables us to continuously optimise our customers’ supply chains and support efficient workflows for our colleagues and DSV as a whole.

Global IT is a global department consisting of more than 2,300 colleagues across the world. Technology is our bread and butter, but we are not only investing in technology, we also invest in our people. Because of our size and global presence there are truly an unlimited number of opportunities to forward your career. If you like challenges and a constantly changing environment, Global IT is the place for you.

What we offer:

Employment contract
Private medical care
Comprehensive onboarding program
Buddy
Modern eco-office
Canteen
Comfortable ergonomic office
Scandinavian work culture
Internal training catalog
Culture of feedback
Internal transition program
Holiday gifts
Sport groups
Bike parking
Work-life Harmony

DSV – Global transport and logistics

DSV is a dynamic workplace that fosters inclusivity and diversity. We conduct our business with integrity, respecting different cultures and the dignity and rights of individuals. When you join DSV, you are working for one of the very best performing companies in the transport and logistics industry. You’ll join a talented team of more than 75,000 employees in over 80 countries, working passionately to deliver great customer experiences and high-quality services. DSV aspires to lead the way towards a more sustainable future for our industry and are committed to trading on nature’s terms.

We promote collaboration and transparency and strive to attract, motivate and retain talented people in a culture of respect. If you are driven, talented and wish to be part of a progressive and versatile organisation, we’ll support you and your need to achieve your potential and forward your career.

Visit dsv.com and follow us on LinkedIn , Facebook and Twitter .
